

[1] GameTitle : Sleeping Dogs: Definitive Edition
The game begins in Victoria Harbour, where Wei Shen is arrested after a drug deal goes wrong. In jail, Shen meets an old friend, Jackie Ma, who offers to introduce Shen to the members of a Triad gang once they are released. It is later revealed that Shen's arrest was part of a police operation, headed by Superintendent Thomas Pendrew and Inspector Raymond Mak, to infiltrate the Water Street branch of a criminal organization, the 'Sun On Yee' Triad gang. Shen joins the gang and is sent on various assignments by the leader, Winston Chu, against a rival branch known as the Jade Gang led by Sam "Dogeyes" Lin.
Retaliatory attacks on each other's properties culminate in the killing of Winston and his fiancée at their wedding by Dogeyes's men posing as 18K gang members. The group leader of the Sun On Yee Triads, David Wai-Lin "Uncle" Po, is also critically wounded in the attack but is saved by Shen. As a reward, Shen is promoted to leader of the Water Street branch and hunts down Winston's killer who reveals that Dogeyes was the instigator of the attack. Shen then captures Dogeyes who is killed by Winston's mother. Po later dies in the hospital.
As a branch leader, Shen becomes embroiled in a power struggle over the leadership of Sun On Yee, siding with "Broken Nose" Jiang (Elizabeth Sung) against another branch leader, Henry "Big Smile" Lee (Tzi Ma). Shen also refuses Pendrew's order to get off the case out of fear of Lee taking over the leadership. Pendrew then leaks Shen's identity to Lee, who attempts to use this information to disgrace Jiang prior to the upcoming election. After Jackie is killed at the hands of Lee's gang and used as bait to draw out Shen, he is kidnapped by 18k and tortured by Lee's torturer Mr. Tong. Shen then escapes his captors and kills Lee. With the deaths of many senior ranking gang members, Shen is commended on his work but is informed by Mak that Pendrew has since been reassigned and is out of his reach. Shen later receives video evidence from Jiang that Pendrew was responsible for the death of Uncle Po. Pendrew is imprisoned for his crime while Shen returns to the police force: in gratitude for his assisting her rise to power, Jiang orders the triad to leave Shen alone.


[2] GameTitle : TEKKEN 7
After the events of Tekken 6, though Azazel was destroyed by Jin Kazama, the war between the Mishima Zaibatsu and G Corporation continues to ravage the world. The game's story is told from the perspective of a reporter whose wife and son are killed in the crossfire, leading him to begin writing an exposé on the Mishima Zaibatsu and G Corporation. Nina Williams leads the Zaibatsu in Jin's absence, attempting to locate him, but Heihachi Mishima takes advantage of the vacuum of power and forces Nina into submission, regaining control of the Zaibatsu. Heihachi makes a deal with Claudio Serafino, head of the powerful Sirius Marksmen organization, to help him expose his son, G Corporation head Kazuya Mishima, believing public opinion will shift in the Zaibatsu's favor if Kazuya's Devil Gene is revealed. Claudio senses a powerful force in the Far East that is unconnected to either Jin or Kazuya.
The reporter researches the Mishima family history, learning that Heihachi's coup against his father Jinpachi and the disappearance of his wife Kazumi both occurred in the same year he threw his son Kazuya off a ravine. Meanwhile, the United Nations intelligence group has located Jin, but he evades capture long enough to be rescued by Lars Alexandersson. Lars takes Jin to recuperate at Violet Systems, where Lee Chaolan has repaired Alisa Bosconovitch following her destruction in the previous game. The Zaibatsu attacks the compound, but the trio are able to secure Jin. The reporter, having rendezvoused with Lee and Lars, tries to kill Jin in his sleep, but is discouraged by Lars, who says Jin is the only person capable of stopping the conflict. According to Lee, the reason behind Heihachi fathering Lars was to confirm that he didn’t possess the Devil Gene, proving it originated from the Hachijos, Kazumi's family.
The force sensed by Claudio is eventually revealed to be Akuma, who made a promise to Kazumi that he would kill Heihachi and Kazuya if she fails to, as she predicted both of them would engulf the world in war and destruction. He defeats Heihachi after fending off an attack by an army of Jack-6's at the Mishima Dojo, and proceeds to G Corporation's Millennium Tower. Heihachi survives, but declares himself dead to the public to continue his plans in secret. He then captures and spreads images of a transformed Kazuya worldwide before using a satellite to obliterate Millennium Tower. Kazuya survives the attack and destroys the satellite, with the wreckage destroying a town and once again slandering the Zaibatsu. The reporter uses this opportunity to inform the Zaibatsu about his exposé, but to his surprise, Heihachi offers to meet him in person. Heihachi recounts his love of Kazumi and the night he learned that she possessed the Devil Gene and was sent by her family to kill him, regretfully being forced to kill her in self-defense. Suspecting that Kazuya had inherited the Devil Gene, Heihachi threw him off a cliff, believing the boy's survival would confirm his fears. Heihachi has the reporter escorted out before traveling to a volcano for a final battle with Kazuya. Vengeful over his mother's death, Kazuya kills Heihachi in battle and throws his body into the volcano. Akuma appears and attacks Kazuya; the result of their battle is unknown.
In the aftermath, Jin awakens and meets with Lee, Lars, and Alisa, promising to put an end to the war once and for all by killing Kazuya. The reporter, reflecting on all he has learned, completes and publishes his exposé.


[3] GameTitle : The Witcher 3: Wild Hunt
In the town of White Orchard, Geralt reunites with his long lost lover, Yennefer. She informs Geralt that Emperor Emhyr has summoned him to the city of Vizima. There, Emhyr tasks Geralt with finding Ciri, who has been recently spotted in various locations. Ciri is a Child of the Elder Blood, the last heir to an ancient Elven bloodline that bestows her with the power to manipulate space and time. Geralt first follows clues that Ciri was in Velen at Crow's Perch, the fort of the Bloody Baron. The Baron refuses to help, but Geralt's acquaintance, sorceress Keira Metz, informs him that an Elven mage, Avallac'h, was searching for Ciri. Keira directs Geralt to the Crones of Crookback Bog, malicious, ancient spirits residing near Velen. The Crones reveal that they had captured Ciri for the Wild Hunt before she escaped, and that they have enslaved the Baron's missing wife, Anna. After determining Anna's fate, Geralt returns to the Baron who tells him that Ciri went to Novigrad.
Arriving in Novigrad, Geralt discovers that the Church of the Eternal Fire, a militant religious organization, is purging mages in the city. Rendezvousing with his former lover, Triss Merigold, Geralt learns that Ciri had contacted his friend Dandelion. Geralt navigates Novigrad's criminal underworld to rescue Dandelion, and discovers that Ciri teleported to the Skellige archipelago. While in Novigrad, Geralt may assist Triss in liberating fugitive mages. After sailing to Skellige, Geralt reunites with Yennefer, who has been investigating a magical explosion linked to Ciri. The pair track Ciri's movements to the island of Lofoten and learn the Wild Hunt have attacked it. Following clues, they realise that Uma, a deformed, cursed creature at Crow's Perch, was present following Ciri's escape. Before leaving Skellige, Geralt can help determine who will become the leader of Skellige following the king's death. Yennefer chooses to sever the magical bond that draws her and Geralt together, giving him the option to willingly affirm his love for her or end their relationship.
The pair recover Uma to the abandoned Witcher school of Kaer Morhen where Yennefer successfully removes Uma's curse, transforming him into Avallac'h. He reveals that he teleported Ciri to the Isle of Mists to save her from the Lofoten attack. Geralt travels to the Isle and finds Ciri in a deathlike state until she is awakened by Avallac'h's magic. Ciri reveals that the King of the Wild Hunt, Eredin's homeworld is being destroyed by a plight known as the White Frost, and he wants Ciri's power in order to conquer the Continent. Ciri and Geralt teleport to Kaer Morhen pursued by the Wild Hunt. After a brief reunion with Yennefer, Triss, and their witcher mentor Vesemir, the Hunt attacks. Vesemir is killed protecting Ciri and her distress causes her to uncontrollably unleash her Elder power leading Eredin and the Hunt to retreat. Geralt, Yennefer, Triss, Ciri, and their allies then hold a funeral for Vesemir.
Ciri and Geralt travel to Novigrad and help Triss and Yennefer reform the Lodge of Sorceresses to aid in their fight. They also learn about the Sunstone, a relic that can lure Eredin out and bind him to a location. On the Skelligan isle of Undvik, Avallac'h uses the Sunstone to draw out the Hunt and their fleet. Geralt, Ciri, their allies and the Nilfgaardian fleet battle the Hunt, before Geralt faces Eredin in combat and emerges victorious. As the White Frost descends on Skellige, Ciri insists that she must confront it with her Elder Blood before it consumes all life on every world. Ciri enters a portal and defeats the White Frost, ending the threat. The ending varies depending on choices made throughout the game. If Ciri is alive, Geralt can retire with either Yennefer or Triss, or remain a lone Witcher. If Geralt helps Nilfgaard win the war and took Ciri to meet the emperor, she will become Empress; if Ciri does not meet the Emperor, Geralt fakes her death and she becomes a Witcher. If Ciri dies fighting the White Frost, Geralt hunts down her stolen medallion as a keepsake, but is surrounded by monsters upon its discovery, leaving his fate unknown.


[4] GameTitle : NARUTO SHIPPUDEN: Ultimate Ninja STORM 4
The plot of Ultimate Ninja Storm 4 is played via a series of linear segments that branch off into separate stories, allowing the player to go back and replay certain events in later stages.
The story begins where Ultimate Ninja Storm 3 Full Burst and Ultimate Ninja Storm Revolution left off, in the middle of the Fourth Shinobi World War fought by the Allied Shinobi Forces from the ninja villages against the mysterious Tobi and the legendary shinobi Madara Uchiha. Naruto destroys Tobi’s mask, and he is revealed to be Obito Uchiha, Kakashi Hatake's former teammate who was thought to have been killed in the last war. Obito reveals his actions stem from rage at Kakashi for letting Rin die. Madara joins the fight with Obito as Naruto (in his Kurama mode) and Killer Bee (in his Eight-Tails form) attempt to destroy the Gedo Statue, with Tailed Beast Balls. Their attacks are proven futile, as the statue resurrects itself into the gargantuan demon Ten Tails.
The Allied Forces arrive to aid but endure a lengthy and destructive battle with the Ten Tails, wherein Neji Hyuga is killed while protecting Naruto and Hinata, and the Ten-Tails destroys HQ along with everyone there. In Konohagakure, Sasuke, along with Orochimaru and Team Taka, use the Reanimation Jutsu to resurrect the previous Hokage so he can learn what a ninja is. Hashirama (the First Hokage)'s reply prompts Sasuke decide to protect the village or else destroying it will make Itachi's sacrifice meaningless and he heads to the battlefield. When he arrives, he joins forces with Naruto and Sakura, and they each use the Summoning Jutsu to attack the Ten-Tails. Despite help from the previous Hokage, Obito seals the Ten Tails into himself, becoming its jinchuriki. This greatly increases his strength and powers, allowing him to summon the Shinju, the Divine Tree from which all chakra was created, and to annihilate much of the Shinobi Forces.
Obito believes himself to be the new Sage of the Six Paths who will wipe out the world, but Naruto and Sasuke combine their powers with all of the shinobi to combat him. Throughout their battle, Obito is mentally lectured by Naruto and he begins having second thoughts about his ultimate purpose. With help from the other shinobi, Naruto and Sasuke extract the Tailed Beasts out of Obito, causing Obito to ponder his loss and admit defeat. To repent for his crimes, Obito prepares to use the Gedo Art of Rinne Rebirth to resurrect everyone he had killed, but is suddenly possessed by Black Zetsu who uses the technique to fully resurrect Madara instead. Acquiring another Rinnegan, Madara summons the Gedo Statue and absorbs the Tailed Beasts. Kurama is pulled out of Naruto and sealed into the statue, which mortally puts Naruto in near death. Sasuke steps in, but is also fatally wounded. Madara resurrects the Ten Tails, subsequently absorbing it and becoming the Ten Tails’ jinchuriki.
Naruto and Sasuke are revived through the combined efforts of Obito (who manages to steal Kurama from Madara and reseal it back into Naruto) and Kabuto Yakushi (who escaped Itachi's Izanami), and meet an incorporeal Hagoromo Ōtsutsuki (the Sage of the Six Paths) who was the original Ten Tails’ jinchuriki. Hagoromo explains to Naruto and Sasuke that they are the reincarnations of his sons Indra and Asura, and only by uniting their powers can they seal away the Ten Tails. After asking them what their plans were after the war and hearing their answers, Hagoromo gives Naruto and Sasuke his powers to defeat Madara: Naruto gaining Sage of Six Paths Senjutsu and Sasuke's left eye evolving into a unique Six-Tomoe Rinnegan.
After battling Naruto and Sasuke, and becoming almost overwhelmed by their new powers, Madara steals Kakashi's Sharingan and then Obito’s Rinnegan before absorbing the Shinju. This allows him to cast the Infinite Tsukuyomi onto the moon, placing nearly all of the Shinobi Forces under genjutsu and completing his Eye of the Moon Plan. Team 7 and Obito manage to escape the genjutsu and Madara declares he has saved the world before being betrayed and fatally wounded by Black Zetsu. Black Zetsu explains that it truly serves Kaguya Ōtsutsuki, the mother of Hagoromo and the progenitor of all chakra, and uses the Shinju in Madara to transform him into Kaguya. After explaining it was responsible for creating shinobi history as part of his goal of resurrecting Kaguya, Naruto, Sasuke, Sakura, Kakashi and Obito fight Kaguya across several dimensions. Obito sacrifices himself to save Naruto, Sasuke, and Kakashi from being killed by Kaguya, and reconciles with Kakashi before dying. Team 7 comes up with a strategy for sealing Kaguya, and with help from Sakura and Kakashi keeping Kaguya in place, Naruto and Sasuke seal Kaguya and Black Zetsu away in a massive Chibaku Tensei, a prison of stone which becomes a second moon.
Freeing the Tailed Beasts from Kaguya, Naruto and the shinobi are victorious in the war. Hagoromo reappears and brings Team 7 and the tailed beasts back with the help of the previous Kage. Hashirama and Madara reconcile as they die and Naruto bids farewell to his father. Hagoromo instructs Naruto and Sasuke how to free the rest of the shinobi. But Sasuke didn't want to free them until he can kill the five Kage and explains his goal to create a world with no darkness by starting a revolution. Naruto stands against Sasuke and Sakura told Sasuke before he uses genjutsu on her. Naruto and Sasuke journey to the Valley of the End where they originally separated, in order to have one final confrontation. After draining each other’s power and burns their arms, Sasuke questions why Naruto refuses to sever ties to him and Naruto's reply about hurting without him makes Sasuke realize he has always been jealous of Naruto and they have an unbreakable bond. After his many years of walking down the dark path, Sasuke finally re-accepts Naruto's friendship and Team 7 reunites for good. Naruto and Sasuke free the shinobi from the Infinite Tsukuyomi and Sasuke credits Naruto for teaching him the meaning of a shinobi.
In an epilogue, Sasuke is pardoned for his crimes by Kakashi, who had become the Sixth Hokage, and leaves Konohagakure on good terms with everyone (confirming he returns Sakura's feelings and accepts his former headband from Naruto). Years later, Naruto succeeds Kakashi as the Seventh Hokage and Sasuke continues with his traveling. As they continue shinobi history through the new generation, Naruto's son, Boruto, and Sasuke's daughter, Sarada, are growing up in the village.
Players have access to several side stories throughout the game. One side story examines the youth of Kakashi and Obito, exploring Obito’s descent into evil. Another side story follows Sasuke and his group as they resurrect the former Hokage and Sasuke questions them as to the meaning of the village and shinobi.


[5] GameTitle : NieR:Automata
NieR: Automata opens with 2B and 9S opening the way for a future incursion into machine territory, working to clear out machine threats for the local Resistance. With help from Anemone and later Pascal, 2B and 9S defeat multiple machine threats. During their missions, they witness the birth of and later fight Adam and Eve, physical manifestations of the machine network who reveal that their creators were destroyed centuries ago. 2B and 9S also encounter A2, who is on the run from YoRHa. It is revealed that the machines are beginning to feel emotions and gather in groups, and some like Pascal's group have grown tired of fighting. 9S is eventually captured by Adam, who is killed by 2B. Deprived of his brother, Eve goes mad with grief and drives the machines under his command into a frenzy. 2B and 9S kill Eve, but 9S is infected with the machine's logic virus, forcing 2B to kill him. Despite his body dying, 9S's personality is saved in the local machine network, allowing his transfer into a new body. The second playthrough follows the opening narrative from the perspective of 9S, offering new insight into the machines and Adam and Eve. 9S also learns that humanity has been extinct since the events of Nier aside from a server on the moon holding humanity's DNA and history. YoRHa and its mission were created to keep the androids from losing morale. He also encounters a glitch when performing a standard server sync, and halts the procedure for both himself and 2B.
The apparent deaths of Adam and Eve throws the machine network into chaos, prompting YoRHa to launch a full-scale invasion. 2B and 9S form part of the vanguard, but a logic virus attack turns every YoRHa unit aside from 2B and 9S hostile. The two retreat to the Bunker, which is subsequently overrun—the "glitch" 9S encountered was in fact a hole opening in YoRHa's virus defenses, leaving the entire squadron vulnerable. Infected herself, the Commander orders 2B and 9S to the surface then self-destructs the Bunker. 2B and 9S are forced to separate on the descent when attacked by rogue YoRHa, and 2B ends up infected with a logic virus. Saved from rogue YoRHa by A2, 2B uploads her memories into her sword and tasks A2 with completing her mission. 9S sees A2 kill 2B, and ignorant of their interaction swears revenge against A2. Alongside this, a structure called the Tower created by the machines rises above the land. The story then divides between A2 and 9S, with their respective Pods 042 and 153 interacting with each other.
A2 continues 2B's missions against the machines. During her story, Pascal's village is attacked when machines begin going berserk, and when A2 and Pascal fight off a machine attack the "children" of his village commit suicide in fear of being killed. A2 has the option of either wiping Pascal's memory, killing him at his request, or leaving him. Meanwhile 9S investigates the Tower and its purpose: he learns that androids and machines are constructed from the same materials, and the Tower is preparing to launch something he assumes is a missile directed at the server on the moon. During his quest, 9S is tormented by the loss of YoRHa and 2B, and becomes emotionally and mentally unstable. 9S eventually gains access to the Tower with help from Devola and Popola, who sacrifice themselves to fend off the attacking machines—they are revealed to be the last surviving versions of the android type that triggered the end of humanity, thus suffering persecution by other androids. They are programmed to feel perpetual guilt and try to atone for their actions. A2 follows 9S inside, where the machines' controlling artificial intelligence confronts them both—A2's backstory as the survivor of a precursor unit to the YoRHa that was designed to be destroyed is revealed, and 9S learns that the logic virus attack on YoRHa was part of the plan to perpetuate the ruse of humanity's survival and trap both machines and androids in a repeating cycle of war.
When they meet at the top of the Tower, A2 reveals the truth about 2B; her real designation was "2E", a YoRHa unit designed to repeatedly kill 9S whenever he discovered the truth about humanity and YoRHa—2B suffered greatly from her role, and wanted to help 9S through A2. 9S, by now driven insane and infected with the logic virus, challenges A2 to a fight. The player then selects which character to control. In the third ending, should the player choose A2, 9S is defeated and A2 first cures him of the logic virus, then sacrifices herself to destroy the Tower while Pod 042 takes 9S to safety. In the fourth ending, should the player pick 9S, the two kill each other, and in his final moments the machine artificial intelligence tells him that the Tower has changed its function due to the machines' evolution and is instead firing an ark containing the essence of machine kind—including the still-living Adam and Eve—to find a new world. During the credits, Pods 042 and 153 speak to the player upon finding that the data for 2B, 9S and A2 are still intact. If the player agrees to save the data, this triggers the fifth ending: Pods 042 and 153 reconstitute the androids' memories and experiences and reconstruct their bodies—despite the possibility that the three would simply repeat everything, the Pods hold faith that they will forge a new future.


[6] GameTitle : Divinity: Original Sin 2
The game's plot takes place centuries after the first Divinity: Original Sin in a time of wars and religious persecution. Bishop Alexandar the Innocent declares all Sourcerers to be criminals, so a group of four Sourcerers embark on a quest to defeat him. Similar to Divinity: Original Sin, players can also play fully solo with only one character in their party.[1]


[8] GameTitle : Danganronpa Another Episode: Ultra Despair Girls
The game takes place half a year after the events of the first game, prior to the events of the second game. Komaru Naegi, the younger sister of the first game's protagonist, Makoto Naegi, has spent the past year locked inside an apartment complex in Towa City, unaware of the events that have gone on in the outside world. She is suddenly forced to flee when she was attacked by deadly Monokuma robots and comes across Future Foundation member Byakuya Togami, who gives Komaru a special Hacking Gun that can fight against the robot and orders her to escape the city. However, Komaru's escape fails and she is captured by a group of elementary-school children known as the Warriors of Hope, who seek to create a utopia for children by murdering all the adults with their robots. They force Komaru to join their "Demon Hunting" game and drop her into the city, where she meets Toko Fukawa, a survivor of Hope's Peak Academy who now uses a stun-gun to control her murderous split personality, Genocide Jack. Learning that Byakuya may have been kidnapped by the Warriors of Hope, Toko agrees to team up with Komaru to find Byakuya and escape the city. Along the way they encounter a resistance group, run by Haiji Towa, and meet a white bear robot named Shirokuma.
As Komaru and Toko go on their journey, fighting against the Warriors of Hope and encountering much despair along the way, they learn that the Warriors of Hope are in worship of Junko Enoshima, the Ultimate Despair responsible for bringing about the end of the world, and seek to create a successor. Confronting the group's leader, Monaca Towa, and defeating their advisor Kurokuma, Komaru is given the choice of destroying the Monokuma Controller, which would stop all the robots but at the cost of sacrificing all the children wearing Monokuma Kid masks. Monaca then reveals that her goal is to turn Komaru into the next Junko Enoshima, trying to coerce her into destroying the controller by allegedly revealing her parents were killed. However, Toko, having learned a great deal from travelling with Komaru, slaps some sense into her and together they overcome despair in order to defeat an out-of-control mech. As Monaca is inevitably rescued by Nagito Komaeda, who encourages her to become the next Junko herself, it is revealed that both Shirokuma and Kurokuma were controlled by the real Junko's AI, who has Izuru Kamukura carry out the next part of her plan. Meanwhile, after rescuing Byakuya, Komaru and Toko decide to stay behind in Towa City to help out those who need it.[2][9]
However, if Komaru chooses to destroy the controller before learning its true purpose, the Bad Ending is triggered and all of the Monokuma Kids are killed as their masks explode. Komaru becomes the hero of the resistance, but she feels extremely guilty for what she has done.


[11] GameTitle : The Walking Dead: Season 2
Certain decisions made by the player during both this game and the preceding Season One and its add-on "400 Days" alter specific details. Therefore, this is only a broad overview of the plot.
Several months after the events of Season One, Clementine has regrouped with Omid and Christa, who is now visibly pregnant. However, during a brief rest stop, Omid is killed by a scavenger who attempts to rob Clementine. The story flashes forward sixteen months, where Christa and Clementine are still surviving together and traveling to Wellington, Ohio, in the hope that the cold there will keep them safe. Christa has lost her child (the exact circumstances are never explained), and has become cynical and introverted, and her relationship with Clementine has become strained. When they stop to camp one evening, they are separated by a band of scavengers. Clementine falls unconscious into a river after the ordeal.
Clementine finds a seemingly abandoned camp with a dog. She finds food, though the dog becomes violent and bites her arm, and Clementine is forced to kill it. Partially conscious, she is surrounded by a small horde of walkers, although she is saved by Pete and Luke, who take her towards a cottage where another group of survivors have taken shelter. The group is led by Luke and includes Alvin and his wife, and Rebecca, who is visibly pregnant, a doctor named Carlos, his daughter Sarah, Luke's best friend Nick, and Nick's uncle Pete. The group refuses to believe Clementine's claim that she was bitten by a dog, and locks her outside in a shed to wait out her "infection". Clementine sneaks into the cabin to steal supplies and treat her wound. The group eventually let her in, where Carlos berates Clementine for taking advantage of his teenage daughter, Sarah, for her own benefit. While the rest of the group begins to grow more fond of Clementine, Rebecca remains suspicious of her.
When fishing with Pete and Nick the next morning, Clementine finds a murdered group of survivors, one of whom was one of the scavengers who ambushed Clementine and Christa in the woods. She gets separated from either Nick or Pete (the latter of which is bitten), and returns to the house alone. When the group decides to leave to find the character, a man enters the house and snoops around, questioning Clementine about the group. The group returns, and Clementine learns that the man she encountered was William Carver, the tyrannical leader of another community who had tortured them, and the possible father of Rebecca's child. On hearing of his visit, Luke and the others agree to abandon the cabin. During this time, Rebecca apologizes to Clementine for her behavior. On their journey they discover a deceased Pete or a hung over Nick, who drank leftover bottles of whiskey to cope with his uncle's death.
Five days later, the group arrives at a bridge, where Luke and Clementine encounter a man named Matthew, who offers food and supplies. Nick, however, mistakes the situation as a hold-up, and kills Matthew out of confusion. The group then arrives at a ski lodge that is readily defensible from walkers. Another group already has taken the lodge for shelter, which consists of Walter, Sarita, and Kenny, whom Clementine is elated to see, having believed him to have been killed in Savannah. Clementine observes that Kenny has changed; though having grown close to Sarita, his bitter attitude wears on the interaction of the two groups. A mysterious woman named Bonnie arrives at the lodge requesting food. Clementine and Kenny are suspicious of her, but Walter gives her supplies and sends her on her way. Later Clementine learns that the man Nick killed on the bridge was Walter's partner, and Clementine is forced to defuse the situation one way or another. In the midst of a walker attack on the lodge, both groups are saved by the timely arrival of a third group, but they are shocked to find it is Carver, who had been led to the lodge by Bonnie. Kenny takes refuge outside and Luke goes into hiding. Kenny kills one of Carver's men, causing Carver to retaliate by killing Walter and possibly Alvin, depending on the player's actions. Carver and his men capture the remains of both groups and takes them to his camp, a strip mall that they have fortified.
At the mall, Clementine finds Carver runs the camp with a heavy hand, and regularly uses violence to coerce cooperation. After a failed escape attempt, Carver brutally beats Kenny and permanently damages his left eye. Carver's methods leads to others joining Clementine and the combined group to find a way out of the mall; these two survivors are Jane and Mike. Luke, who managed to escape capture from the ski lodge, warns the group of a massive walker horde approaching. Clementine helps to engineer their escape by blasting a CD over the mall's intercom in an attempt to draw the walker horde. If Alvin lives, he sacrifices himself to give Clementine a chance to escape. Carver catches the group before they escape, but he is in turn subdued. While the rest of the group waits outside, Kenny brutally beats Carver to death with a crowbar and Clementine is given the choice of whether or not to watch with Rebecca. The group then covers themselves in walker blood in an attempt to make their way through the horde undetected.
During their escape, Carlos is devoured by walkers, causing Sarah to have a panic attack and gets separated from the group. Luke and Nick (if alive) run off to find her. Sarita is bitten, which forces Clementine to make the choice between cutting her arm off or euthanizing her, which sends Kenny into hysterics. After reuniting with Mike, Rebecca, Kenny, Bonnie, and Sarita (if alive), they meet at a nearby Civil War museum and Clementine and Jane set out to search for Sarah, Luke, and Nick. Their search leads to a trailer park overrun by walkers. They discover that Nick has been killed and that Luke is trapped in a trailer with Sarah, who has gone into a catatonic state due to her father's death. As walkers overwhelm the trailer, Clementine is given the decision of coercing Sarah out of her state or leaving her behind to be devoured by walkers. Regardless, Clementine, Luke, and Jane escape.
Back at the museum, Rebecca finds herself experiencing labor pains, and Clementine works Kenny out of his depressed state, as he is the only one who can deliver the child. As they're scouting, Clementine and Jane encounter a Russian teenager named Arvo, who is trying to cache medical supplies. Clementine is given the choice of whether or not to steal his supplies. Regardless, Jane threatens to kill Arvo if they ever cross paths again and sends him on his way. As Rebecca begins to go into labor, the museum is suddenly attacked by a horde of walkers. The group takes refuge on the observation deck as Kenny helps Rebecca deliver the baby. During the fight, the observation deck collapses which causes Sarah (if saved from the trailer park) to fall and get devoured. In the end, Rebecca gives birth to a healthy baby boy and Jane leaves the group later that night.
As the group heads north towards Wellington, they encounter Arvo and find themselves at the center of an ambush with other Russian survivors. As the group engages in a standoff, Clementine finds Rebecca has succumbed to injuries from childbirth and is now reanimating. She (or Kenny) is forced to shoot her to protect her child, causing the groups to fire upon each other. The timely arrival of Jane ends the gunfight, with only Arvo left alive from the opposing group. Arvo pleads for his life and asserts there is shelter and food nearby.
Arvo directs them to an unfinished home that lies across a frozen lake. As the survivors make their way across it, walkers start crossing behind them, causing the ice to break, and Luke and Bonnie (the latter is determinant) fall through and drown. Safely at the house, Kenny beats Arvo for putting them in jeopardy, and Jane pulls Clementine aside to warn her about Kenny's attitude. They find a truck outside which they are able to fix up and plan to use to drive out the next morning, but Clementine catches Arvo, Mike and Bonnie (if alive) trying to steal it in an attempt to escape from Kenny. Arvo shoots Clementine in his panic, which causes her to pass out, during which she has a memory of Lee from their time of traveling towards Savannah in the caravan (Lilly's presence is determined by the player's previous choice).
When Clementine recovers, she finds herself in the truck with Jane, Kenny, and the baby (earlier named AJ) as they are heading north, the others having run off. When the road becomes blocked, Kenny gets out to look for a way around, and Jane tries to convince Clementine to abandon Kenny and come with her. Among the blinding blizzard, a walker horde overwhelms them, and Clementine is split up from Jane and AJ, and finds shelter at a nearby rest stop, where she reunites with Kenny. They are soon joined by Jane with no apparent sign of AJ. Kenny fears the worst and violently attacks Jane, causing a brutal deathmatch between the two. Kenny gains the upper hand and attempts to kill Jane with her own knife, despite limited intervention from Clementine.
At this point, the story diverges based on the player's decisions. The player can save Jane by shooting Kenny, only to learn she hid AJ in a nearby car and faked his death in an attempt to prove to Clementine how unstable Kenny really was. Thereafter, the player can forgive Jane and return with her to Carver's abandoned camp and has the choice whether or not to take in a family of three. Alternatively, the player can let Kenny kill Jane, after which they find AJ hidden in the car and continue on to Wellington, where overpopulation forces the player to choose whether to enter Wellington with AJ or remain with Kenny. Regardless of who is killed, the player also has the option to abandon the survivor, either by Clementine shooting Kenny or abandoning him as she could similarly do to Jane as well, and set off alone with AJ, passing through a herd of walkers disguised in walker blood.


[12] GameTitle : To the Moon
Sigmund Corp. uses a technology that can create artificial memories. They offer this as a "wish fulfillment" service to people on their death beds. Since these artificial memories conflict with the patient's real memories, the procedure is only legal to do on people without much time left to live.
Sigmund Corp. employees Dr. Eva Rosalene and Dr. Neil Watts are tasked with fulfilling the lifelong dream of the dying Johnny Wyles. Johnny wants to go to the moon, although he doesn't know why. The doctors insert themselves into an interactive compilation of his memories and traverse backwards through his life via mementos. With each leap to an important moment in Johnny's memories, they learn more about him and what brought him to his current position in life, including his largely unhappy marriage to his childhood sweetheart, River. Upon reaching his childhood, the doctors attempt to insert his desire to go to the moon. In theory, Johnny's mind would create new memories based on that desire, and Johnny would die believing he lived without any regrets.
However, Johnny's mind does not create the new memories as planned. Dr. Watts and Dr. Rosalene must solve the problem to fulfill Johnny's dying wish of going to the moon.
Eventually, it is revealed that Johnny and River met as children at a carnival. They looked at the night sky and made up a constellation: a rabbit with the moon as its belly. The two agreed to meet at the same place the following year, with Johnny promising that should he forget or get lost, the two would "regroup on the moon". That night, Johnny gives River a toy platypus which River treasures for the rest of her life. Shortly after, Johnny's twin brother Joey was killed in an accident. Johnny's mother gave him beta blockers to induce memory loss of the tragic event, also causing him to forget his first encounter with River. He later happened to meet her again, and eventually marry her, and River only realized later on that he had forgot their meeting at the carnival. (Johnny confessed that he approached her in school because she was different, and revealed that he thought that was their first meeting) River, diagnosed as an adult with Asperger syndrome (although never directly stated, the game references Tony Attwood, who wrote numerous books about Aspergers), did not tell Johnny directly about their first meeting; instead, she tried to indirectly jostle his memories by cutting her hair and crafting paper bunnies, including a dual-colored one representing the constellation they made up during their first encounter, combined with the blue-and-yellow dress she wore on their wedding. River was unable to make Johnny remember before she died, and Johnny was left with lingering guilt and an inexplicable desire to go to the Moon.
In the present, Rosalene and Watts eventually implant a memory sequence in which Joey did not die, and lived on to become a popular author, and Johnny did not meet River again until they started working together at NASA. As the comatose real-life Johnny begins to die, he imagines going on a moon mission with River. During the launch, River holds out a hand to him. The moon appears through a window on the ship, and Johnny takes her hand as his heart monitor flatlines.
In the epilogue, Johnny and River eventually get married, and build and retire to the same house where the real-life Johnny and River lived. Back in the real world, Rosalene and Watts look to Johnny's grave, which is placed adjacent to River’s. They reveal to the audience that Johnny willed the house to his caregiver, Lily. Rosalene receives a phone call, and the two move on to their next patient. While Watts is leaving, he stops and the screen briefly flashes red, the same way it did when Johnny felt pain. Watts takes some painkillers, then follows Rosalene to their next adventure.


[13] GameTitle : Danganronpa 2: Goodbye Despair
Following a similar premise to the previous game, Danganronpa 2 puts players in control of Hajime Hinata, an amnesiac boy who has just become one of Hope's Peak Academy's 'Ultimate' students, alongside fifteen others. The students find themselves taken to the remote tropical Jabberwock Island by their alleged teacher, a small, rabbit-like mascot named Usami, who claims it to be a simple field trip. However, things turn out to be too good to be true as Hope's Peak Academy's notorious principal, Monokuma, announces they are stuck on the island for life unless they can murder another student and get away with it. If the students can determine a murderer in a Class Trial, that culprit is executed, but if they make the wrong assumption, then the killer walks home free whilst everyone else is sentenced to death.
Over the course of the game, several students are murdered, and thanks to Hajime's investigative skills, their killers are found out and executed. However, Hajime begins to realize something isn't quite right with the world, and discovers a terrible truth. He and his fellow students are in fact the surviving members of Ultimate Despair, a group led by the first game's antagonist, Junko Enoshima, whose sole purpose was to spread despair to the world. They managed to instigate a worldwide rebellion that caused society to collapse. However, one group, called the Future Foundation, has been attempting to undo the damage Ultimate Despair caused. They captured the surviving members, but instead of executing them, decided to try and rehabilitate them by erasing their memories and putting them in a virtual reality program.
Upon finding out that they are in a program and that all of the students are merely artificially constructed avatars, Hajime is then contacted by Makoto Naegi, the protagonist from the first game and now a member of the Future Foundation. He warns Hajime that an artificial intelligence copy of Junko Enoshima, based on the "Alter Ego" AI from Trigger Happy Havoc, has hijacked their program, and is trying to manipulate events so that once the surviving students "graduate", she can possess the bodies of the deceased students, which are still intact in the real world. Alter Ego Junko's ultimate plan is to download herself into every person on the planet. Makoto tells Hajime that if the class votes not to graduate, it will allow him to reset the system and purge Alter Ego Junko. However, that also means that the student avatars will be deleted, along with all of the memories they gained while in the simulation.
Junko attempts to convince Hajime by revealing that he was formerly the genius leader of Ultimate Despair, Izuru Kamukura. He and the other students hesitate, afraid of reverting to their original personalities. However, Hajime eventually finds the inner courage to thwart Alter Ego Junko's plan, and convinces the other students to refuse graduation, saying that they will create a future where they don't have to forget. Finally, Hajime, Makoto and the others reset the system and delete Alter Ego Junko.
In the epilogue, Makoto, and fellow survivors and Future Foundation members Kyoko Kirigiri and Byakuya Togami look on as the students decide to return to the island. They muse that they are already vastly different from their original Ultimate Despair personalities, choosing to stay behind on the island to look after their comatose friends who were "killed" in the simulation. Even though the chance is extremely small, Makoto is confident that the students will find a way to revive their friends.


[14] GameTitle : Deus Ex: Human Revolution - Director's Cut
Note: While the general plot of Human Revolution follows a distinct path, many elements are subject to the player's decisions. The game also offers several subplots which the player may or may not encounter, depending on their actions within the game. This synopsis concentrates on the main, unavoidable plot thread of the game.
On the eve of unveiling a new type of augmentation that will negate the use of Neuropozyne, Sarif Industries is attacked by the Tyrants. Adam Jensen attempts to save Megan Reed and her fellow scientists, but Tyrant leader Namir critically wounds him and apparently kills Megan and the scientists. David Sarif uses his most advanced technology to save Adam, giving him superhuman abilities: he also learns that the augmentations are bonding to him naturally without the need for Neuropozyne. Called back to deal with an attack on a Sarif Industries warehouse by anti-augmentation extremists, Adam discovers an augmented hacker attempting to gain access to the secret Typhoon weapon augmentation. Upon discovery, the hacker is forced by their controller to shoot himself. After Adam retrieves the deceased hacker's neural hub from his old Detroit police precinct, Frank Pritchard tracks the hacking signal to an abandoned factory in Highland Park. Adam discovers the Tyrants guarding a FEMA detention camp, but they are moving out after the failure of the Sarif raid. Adam confronts and defeats one of the mercenaries, Barrett, who tells him to go to Hengsha before killing himself with a grenade.
Together with pilot Faridah Malik, Adam travels to Hengsha and tracks down the hacker, Arie van Bruggen, who is being both hunted by private security company Belltower Associates and hidden by local triad leader Tong Si Hung. Van Bruggen directs Adam to find evidence inside Tai Yong Medical, the world's largest augmentation technology manufacturer and Sarif's main rival. Infiltrating Tai Yong, Adam finds footage of a call between Namir and Zhao Yun Ru, which confirms that Megan and the other missing scientists are alive and that Eliza Cassan is somehow involved. Confronting Zhao in her penthouse apartment, he learns that she is allied to a powerful organization that controls global interests before she triggers security and forces him to leave. Traveling to the Picus corporate building in Montreal, Jensen tracks down Eliza, revealed to be an artificial intelligence construct designed to influence the media. Despite her programming, she has begun to question her role and offers to help Adam. After he defeats Tyrant member Fedorova, Eliza gives him footage directing him to Doctor Isaias Sandoval, aide to William Taggart.
Back in Detroit, Sarif admits to Adam that the Illuminati are behind the attacks. Adam infiltrates a Humanity Front rally and discovers Sandoval's location. Sandoval admits his involvement in the kidnapping and gives Adam the lead to find the researchers. Back in Sarif HQ, Adam meets Hugh Darrow, who is currently working to stave off global warming with the newly constructed Panchaea Facility in the Arctic. Adam, along with other augmented people, also start experiencing painful glitches, with authorities urging them to have a biochip replacement. Pritchard locates the tracking beacon of one of the scientists, taking Adam back to Hengsha, where he and Malik are ambushed by Belltower. The beacon leads Adam to Tong Si Hung, who has just been implanted with the now-deceased scientist's arm. Under Tong's direction, Adam manages to stow away in a stasis pod in the wake of a staged explosion, waking up a few days later in a secret Singapore base. He finds the kidnapped scientists, and learns that the biochip malfunctions were staged to distribute the result of their research: a new biochip to control augmented humans. Adam and the scientists stage a distraction, allowing him to infiltrate the facility's secret bunker. Here he faces Namir one last time, then finds Megan. Confronted, Megan tells him that she was kidnapped for her research; the genetic key to make all humans compatible with augmentations, which she found in Adam's DNA — and to help Darrow foil the Illuminati's plans.
Moments later, Darrow appears live on television and broadcasts a modified signal that throws any augmented person with the new biochip into a fear-driven, murderous frenzy. Jensen evacuates the scientists, and commandeers an orbital flight module to reach Panchaea. He confronts Darrow, who reveals that he wants humanity to abandon the augmentation technology he invented, because he believes it will destroy human identity. Adam sets out to disable Panchaea's Hyron Project supercomputer and end the broadcast; on the way, he encounters Taggart and Sarif, who each urge him to side with them and further their own agendas. At the heart of Panchaea, Jensen first confronts Zhao Yun Ru when she tries to hijack the signal for her own use; then Eliza, who offers Jensen four choices. Jensen can either broadcast the full truth and distance humanity from augmentations; rig the broadcast so it throws suspicion on the Humanity Front and allows further development of augmentation technology; send out a report blaming the incident on contaminated Neuropozyne so Taggart's group and by extension the Illuminati find new support; or destroy Panchea, leaving no-one to "spin the story". Depending on the choice and whether Jensen has taken a pacifist or violent approach through the game, his final narration varies.
In a post-credits scene, Megan meets with Bob Page, the main antagonist of Deus Ex, to discuss her employment in "the nanite virus chimera" and "D project": prior to this, Page instructs his cohort Morgan Everett to search the Hyron Project for salvageable technology for the 'Morpheus Initiative': these are the precursors to the creation of the Denton clones, the manufactured nanotechnological "Gray Death" virus and the "Helios" artificial intelligence, key parts of the plot of Deus Ex.[13]


[15] GameTitle : Quantum Break
Agreeing to help his best friend Paul Serene with a demonstration, Jack Joyce learns that Paul has been expanding on the physics work of Jack's estranged brother, William, and has built a time machine that works using "chronon particles." Paul activates the machine, only for it to jam shut and break as William appears. Will demands Jack and Paul stop their actions, else "time will break." The machine becomes unstable and douses Jack and Paul in chronon radiation that gives them time-based powers. Monarch Solutions soldiers appear and steal the time machine's core, Jack and Will meet an older Paul. Claiming to have seen the "End of Time", this Paul refuses Will's suggestions of fixing the fracture, claiming time cannot be changed. Paul has the building detonated, causing Will to be seemingly killed by falling debris. Jack is knocked unconscious and captured by Monarch.
Escaping Monarch during a time stutter, Jack rescues either Nick or Amy, students apprehended by Monarch who agree to help him. Working off a clue with Beth Wilder, a friend of Will's working as double agent inside Monarch, Jack heads to the abandoned Bradbury Swimming Pool, where he finds that Will has built his own time machine and a counter-measure to fix the fracture, called the Chronon Field Regulator (CFR), but the time machine is inoperable. Jack suggests they kidnap Dr. Sofia Amaral, Paul's head of chronon research. Learning she will be attending a Monarch gala, Jack surrenders to Monarch, and learns that Paul was accidentally sent to the end of time in the future, only escaping by traveling in Will's machine back to its first activation in 1999. Escaping through the Monarch Labs, Jack and Beth pull Amaral out of the path of a hacked drone before it explodes. Beth escapes by the sea with Amaral while Jack steals Paul's car.
Paul, revealed to be dying from "chronon syndrome,"[a] lashes out at his second-in-command Martin Hatch, as Amaral was the only one capable of administering his treatment. Now paranoid, Paul places all of his trust in either Amaral or Hatch, who claims that Amaral left willingly with Jack. Paul recognizes Beth from security footage— she was also at the end of time and attempted to kill Serene.
Taking Amaral to the Bradbury Pool, Jack and Beth force her to help repair the time machine. With Will's documents noting that the CFR disappeared in 2010, Jack and Beth plot to head to 2010 and steal it, closing a causal loop. Beth steps into the machine as Amaral sabotages the computer and alerts Monarch. Leaving Amaral with Nick/Amy, Jack heads to 2010 and finds Beth, much older and disturbed. Beth explains that Amaral sent her to the end of time, where she met the younger Paul. Failing to kill him, Beth followed him back to the first activation in 1999 and stopped him from murdering Will. After directing Will to create the CFR, she has waited eleven years for Jack to arrive in 2010.
Beth and Jack reach Will's workshop and find the CFR, but Paul corners Beth and shoots her when she refuses to co-operate. The CFR is accidentally activated, causing a chronon burst; the exposure throws Jack forward to 2016 again, and causes Paul's chronon syndrome. Beth shuts off the CFR, but is executed by Paul while Jack can only watch through time.
Increasingly paranoid and ill, Paul is informed that, despite his lab being destroyed by Hatch, one damaged treatment has been recovered. Paul either decides to take it and buy time for himself and his plan, or succumb to paranoia and illness. As stutters become nearly constant, Jack fights through the Monarch HQ with the guidance of either head of surveillance Charlie Wincott or Wincott's close friend Fiona Miller. Reaching Paul's lab, Jack finds either Wincott or high-level Monarch security officer Liam Burke, who is intent on stopping him. Acquiring the CFR, Jack learns that Paul was using it to power a "lifeboat," a small bunker where researchers could devise a solution to the end of time while protected from it. Unable to work the CFR, Jack uses Monarch's time machine (equipped with the stolen university core) to travel back to its first activation: the night of Will's death.
Rushing through the University, Jack narrowly rescues Will from the falling debris. Will warns Jack he cannot simply repair the fracture then and there, as it would erase key future events and risk a time paradox. Passing a frozen Beth during a stutter, Jack reaches to unfreeze her, but hesitates and leaves. Reaching the Bradbury Pool, Jack and Will travel forward in time, only to find Paul and Monarch waiting for them. Paul is intent on either retrieving the CFR or destroying it. Jack fights and kills him. Hooking the CFR into his time machine, Will asks Jack to jumpstart it with chronon energy. The CFR activates and blasts the area with chronons, fixing the tear and vaporizing Paul. As Will examines the CFR, burnt out from the blast, Jack has a vision of his future self traveling to the end of time, and begins exhibiting symptoms of chronon syndrome.
In a flash-forward, Jack is shown approaching the frozen Beth back at the University, whispering that he'll come back for her. An epilogue shows Jack leaving an interview and being approached by Hatch,[b] who explains everything has been simply blamed on Paul, and offers Jack a place at the renewed Monarch; Jack is shown seeing a split pathway similarly to Paul, ending before he makes a decision.[24]


[16] GameTitle : INSIDE
A boy slides down a rocky incline. While running through a forest, he encounters masked guards with flashlights, as well as vehicles with mounted spotlights. He escapes the guards, then crosses a road where a block has been set up with more vehicles and guards, to a farm where parasitic worms cause pigs to run rampant. The boy uses the farm animals and equipment to escape to a seemingly-abandoned city where lines of zombie-like people are moved through mind control. Beyond the city is a large factory of flooded rooms, a shock wave atrium, and a laboratory environment where scientists perform underwater experiments on bodies.[4]
While traversing these areas, the boy uses a mind-control helmet to control lifeless grey bodies. The boy eventually comes across an underwater siren-like creature that attaches a device to him, allowing him to breathe underwater.
Continuing through the office and laboratories, the boy sees scientists observing a large spherical chamber. The boy enters the chamber and discovers a large blob-like creature, the Huddle,[5] made of humanoid limbs connected to four control rods. After disconnecting the rods, the boy is pulled into the Huddle.[4]
The Huddle escapes confinement, crashing through offices, killing some of the scientists in its path. The scientists trap the Huddle in another tank, but the Huddle escapes again and breaks through a wooden wall. It rolls down a forest hill and comes to a stop at a grassy coastline bathed in light.
Alternate ending[edit]
If the player deactivated the hidden light orbs in the various bunkers, the boy returns to one of the bunkers and gains access to a new area. He reaches an area that includes a bank of computers and one of the mind-control helmets, powered by a nearby socket. The boy pulls the plug from the socket, upon which the character takes the same stance as the zombies, and the game ends moments later.[6]
Theories[edit]
Journalists and players have offered several different theories about the game's main ending (the freeing of the Huddle) and the alternative ending.
One theory speculates that the boy is controlled by the Huddle throughout most of the game, leading him to help free the Huddle from containment.[7] As described by Jeffrey Matulef of Eurogamer, the game impresses that the Huddle has a magnetic-like draw that leads the boy to endanger himself and unquestioningly enter the tank where the Huddle is kept as to free it.[6] Kotaku's Patrick Klepek noted that players speculated on theory that taking the alternate ending is working contrary to the Huddle's goal, and the act of unplugging the computers is to release the Huddle's control on the boy.[8] A similar theory has the boy being controlled by one or more of the scientists, evidenced by how some of the scientists appear to aid the Huddle in escaping the facility. In this theory, the scientists put the boy through many dangers to gain strength and intelligence, so that these qualities can be absorbed by the Huddle when the boy frees it, improving the creature in a desirable manner for these scientists.[6]
A more metafiction interpretation of the game from its alternate ending, and considered the most popular among players according to Klepek,[8] is based on the notion of player agency. Matulef summarizes this theory as "the boy is being controlled by a renegade force represented by the player".[6] The act of pulling the plug in the final area is similar to the concept of The Matrix, as described by PC Gamer's Tim Clark.[9] Matulef explains that the location of the alternate ending is only known to the player with knowledge of the main ending and not to the Huddle or the scientists. With knowledge of the game's true ending, achieving the alternate ending is to reach a conclusion to the game that "ostensibly puts an end to the boy, the blob, and any inhumane experiments being conducted".[6]


[17] GameTitle : Far Cry 4
After the death of his mother Ishwari, Ajay Ghale (James A. Woods) returns to his home country of Kyrat to carry out Ishwari's final wish by returning her ashes to Lakshmana. However, his mission is interrupted when the bus he is traveling on is attacked by the Royal Army and he is taken prisoner by Pagan Min (Troy Baker), the country's eccentric and violent king, who claims to have been romantically involved with Ishwari. After finding his way through Pagan's mansion, Ajay escapes with the aid of Sabal (Naveen Andrews), a commander in the Golden Path, a rebel movement established by Ajay's father, Mohan Ghale. Ajay is not able to leave the country as the Royal Army has taken control of Kyrat's only airport and sealed the borders.









Troy Baker and Mylène Dinh-Robic voice two of the game's antagonists


In the twenty years since Ishwari and Ajay fled Kyrat, the rebellion has stagnated, with the Golden Path now fighting for their very existence. As the son of Mohan Ghale, Ajay becomes a symbol for the Golden Path to rally around. After freeing a group of hostages and liberating territory held by Pagan, the Golden Path plan on breaking Pagan's stranglehold on power by targeting his three regional governors: Paul "De Pleur" Harmon (Travis Willingham), who oversees opium production and runs Pagan's torture chambers; Noore Najjar (Mylène Dinh-Robic), who runs poaching and prostitution rings and who became a victim of Pagan's cruelty herself after he kidnapped her family; and Yuma Lau (Gwendoline Yeo), Min's adopted sister and trusted general who is obsessed with uncovering the secrets of the mystical realm of Shangri-La.
However the Golden Path's newfound momentum is threatened by deep divisions between its commanders, Sabal, who favors traditional values, and Amita (Janina Gavankar), who argues for progress, which includes relying heavily on drug trade. Ajay is forced to intervene on several occasions, with his decisions influencing the direction the Golden Path takes. The first governor to fall is De Pleur after Noore helps Ajay find a way to infiltrate De Pleur's stronghold, allowing the rebellion to capture him. Amita and Sabal later task Ajay with confronting and killing Noore. She dies in her fighting arena, either with Ajay killing her, or with Noore committing suicide upon learning Pagan had her family executed years beforehand.
As the Golden Path secures Kyrat's southern provinces, Ajay is contacted by Willis Huntley (Alain Goulem), a CIA agent who offers intelligence for the rebels and pages from his father's diary in exchange for killing Yuma's lieutenants. After Ajay kills several of them, Huntley admits they were in fact CIA assets, and that he was sent to clean up after the CIA as the agency did not see Pagan as a threat anymore. Huntley betrays Ajay to Pagan just as the Golden Path prepare to push into Northern Kyrat.
Ajay ends up in Yuma's mountain prison, from which he manages to escape. In the process he finds out that Yuma has started despising Pagan, primarily because of his affections toward Ajay's late mother.[b] The Golden Path pushes into the north, and while Ajay attempts to reconnect with another faction of the rebels, Pagan, aware of Yuma's plotting against him, betrays Yuma to the Golden Path. Ajay is drawn into a confrontation with her and prevails, but tensions between Amita and Sabal reach new heights, and Ajay is forced to make a final decision as to who will lead the Golden Path. Whichever leader he chooses then sends Ajay to kill the other to prevent them from starting another civil war, and Ajay can choose to either kill them as ordered or let them go. With the Golden Path now united under a single leader, Ajay joins them for an attack on Pagan's fortress and pushes on alone to Pagan's palace while the Golden Path holds off the military.


[18] GameTitle : Undertale
Undertale takes place in the Underground, a massive subterranean cave to where monsters, who once lived harmoniously with humans on the surface, have been banished after losing a war with humanity. The Underground is sealed from the surface world by an uneven magic barrier created by humanity's most powerful wizards, the only point of entry being at Mount Ebott.[12] A human child falls into the Underground and encounters Flowey, a sentient flower who teaches them the game's mechanics and encourages them to raise their "LV", or "LOVE", by gaining "EXP" through killing monsters.[a] When Flowey attempts to murder the human to take their soul for himself, the human is rescued by Toriel, a motherly goat-like monster, who teaches the human to solve puzzles and survive conflict in the Underground without killing. She intends to adopt the human, wanting to protect them from Asgore Dreemurr, the king of the Underground.
The human eventually leaves Toriel to search for Asgore's castle, which contains the path (blocked by the barrier) leading to the surface world. Along the way, the human encounters several monsters, including: the skeletons Sans and Papyrus, two brothers who act as sentries for the Underground; Undyne, the head of the royal guard; Alphys, the kingdom's royal scientist; and Mettaton, a robotic television host Alphys built. Some of them are fought, with the human having to choose whether to kill them or to show mercy; should the human spare them, they become friends. During their travels, the human learns the details and the cause of the war between humans and monsters, as well as the backstory of Asriel, the son of Asgore and Toriel. Asriel had befriended a human child named Chara[b] who fell into the Underground and was adopted by Asgore and Toriel. One day, Chara fatally poisoned themself by drinking a tea made from poisonous golden flowers, in a bid to have themself absorbed by Asriel in order to fulfil their plan of freeing the monsters by collecting six additional souls from the surface, which would then be used with Chara's soul to break the barrier. Asriel absorbed Chara's soul, and crossed the barrier, but from there refused to carry out the plan any further, instead deciding to attempt to return Chara's body to their home village. He was killed by humans who thought he killed Chara, as he refused to defend himself out of his pacifistic ideology. With both of his children dead, Asgore declared another war on humanity, and continued Chara's plan, seeking to break the barrier by killing any human who falls into the Underground to collect seven human souls, of which he currently has six.
There are three major divergent paths in the game's ending, depending on how the player resolves encounters with monsters: the Neutral run, the Pacifist run, and the Genocide run.[8][14] The default Neutral run occurs if the player has killed some but not all of the monsters, or has not killed any monsters. The Neutral run has over twelve variations depending on which monsters were killed. In general, in the Neutral run ending, the human arrives at Asgore's castle and learns that they also need a monster's soul to cross the barrier, forcing them to fight Asgore. Sans stops the human before their confrontation, revealing that the human's "LOVE" is an acronym for "Level Of ViolencE" and "EXP" for "EXecution Points." Sans judges the human based on the combined resolution of the encounters. The human fights and defeats Asgore. However, Flowey sneaks in, kills Asgore, steals the human souls, and becomes a monstrous abomination. By calling out to the six souls for help, the human defeats Flowey, falls unconscious, and awakens on the human side of the barrier; they receive a phone call from Sans, explaining the state of the Underground after the human's departure.
The Pacifist run can be obtained only after the player has completed one Neutral run through the game in which he has not murdered any of the monsters and has befriended Papyrus and Undyne.[14][15] The player befriends Alphys and discovers her true laboratory. It is revealed that Asriel was reincarnated as Flowey, created by Alphys as a vessel of determination (the power that allows Frisk and Flowey to save game files in order to resurrect) as well as an intended surprise for Asgore. The player then returns to fight Asgore, but Toriel intervenes and is joined by the other monsters the human has befriended. Flowey ambushes the group, using the souls of all the monsters to take an older Asriel's form to fight the human and initiate an Apocalypse. The human connects with their new friends during the fight, eventually triumphing. Asriel reverts to his child form, destroys the barrier, and expresses his remorse to the others before leaving. The human falls unconscious, and is awoken to see their friends surrounding them, with the knowledge of the human's name – Frisk. The monsters reintegrate with the humans on the surface, while Frisk has the option of accepting Toriel as their adoptive mother or striking out on their own.
The Genocide run requires the player to kill all monsters and maximize their LOVE.[11][15][14] As Frisk reaches Asgore's castle, Sans attempts to stop them, but Frisk kills him along with Asgore and Flowey. Chara materializes after Flowey is killed and explains that they were resurrected by the player's LOVE. The player is then asked to join them in the destruction of the universe, which occurs regardless of the player's choice. In order to enable further replays of the game, Frisk must first give their soul to Chara in exchange for restoring the universe. In doing so, the ending of every subsequent Pacifist route is marred by Chara's malevolent presence.


[19] GameTitle : METAL GEAR SOLID V: THE PHANTOM PAIN
In 1984, nine years after being injured during the destruction of MSF by Cipher, Big Boss awakens from a coma in a hospital in Cyprus. Quiet, a Cipher assassin, tries to kill him, but Big Boss is rescued by a heavily bandaged man called Ishmael. The pair escape the hospital while evading pursuit from Cipher's soldiers and two superhumans, Tretij Rebenok, "The Third Child" and the Man on Fire. Although Big Boss loses sight of Ishmael, he is recovered by his ally Revolver Ocelot, and brought aboard Diamond Dogs, a new mercenary group founded by Kazuhira Miller on an offshore platform near the Seychelles.
Big Boss adopts the code name "Venom Snake" and begins searching for Cipher. During his journey, Snake becomes involved in the Soviet-Afghan and the Angolan Civil Wars, and he recruits Quiet, who no longer speaks and has gained superhuman abilities; scientist Dr. Huey Emmerich; Eli, a British child believed to be a clone of Snake, who leads a band of child soldiers; and Code Talker, a Navajo expert on parasites forced to work for Cipher.
Snake learns that Cipher's leader Major Zero was usurped and XOF, a rogue faction of Cipher, was responsible for destroying MSF. XOF's leader Skull Face, considers Cipher's plan to unite the world for peace as the same as making it culturally American, obliterating other cultures. To avoid this, he intends to release a unique parasite that kills anyone who speaks English. A modified parasite was used to give Quiet and Skull Face's elite soldiers, the Skulls, their unusual abilities. After releasing the English strain parasite, Skull Face plans to make nuclear weapons available to as many groups as he can, believing that nuclear deterrence will stop the weapons actually being used, attaining world peace while still protecting the integrity of each culture. However, he will secretly retain remote control of the weapons. Skull Face intends to use the threat of the latest Metal Gear system, known as ST-84 "Sahelanthropus", to make nuclear weapons desirable again, but as he cannot get it to function, he is dependent on the Third Child's psychic abilities to manipulate it.
During a test, the Third Child turns against Skull Face, having Sahelanthropus seriously wound him and crush the Man on Fire. Although Snake defeats the Metal Gear, he is only able to recover one of Skull Face's three parasite vials; one goes missing and the other is taken by the Third Child and given to Eli. Skull Face is left to die by Snake and Miller, but Huey executes him. The Diamond Dogs return to their base with Sahelanthropus. Following their return, Eli, the Third Child and the child soldiers steal Sahelanthropus and flee the base. It transpires that the Third Child was not consciously working for Skull Face, but his psychic powers enthralled him to the will of the most vengeful person nearby, meaning Sahelanthropus's attack was instigated by Eli.
An epidemic of parasites occurs on base forcing Snake to personally kill many of his own men to contain it. To honor them, he has their cremated remains turned into diamonds to carry into battle. Huey is accused of causing the epidemic while attempting to mutate the parasites to sell as weapons. Alongside suspicion of his role in MSF's destruction, and evidence that he murdered his wife Dr. Strangelove while arguing over using their son in experiments, Snake exiles him from Diamond Dogs. Following this event, Quiet disappears in Afghanistan. Code Talker reveals that Quiet was infected with the English strain parasite with the intention of joining Diamond Dogs in order to spread it, but her allegiance shifted to Snake and so she remained silent to prevent an outbreak. Huey's mutation of the parasite convinced Quiet that she could not guarantee the safety of Diamond Dogs. Snake finds her, but she is forced to speak to summon help when he is bitten by a venomous snake. Quiet flees to avoid causing another epidemic.
It is later revealed that Venom Snake is not actually Big Boss but a loyal MSF medic caught in the same explosion that injured the real Big Boss, Ishmael. During his coma, the medic was transformed into a second Big Boss via plastic surgery and hypnotherapy to serve as a decoy for the actual Big Boss while he wages a covert war against Cipher. Snake goes on to set the events of the Outer Heaven uprising in motion, and dies at the hands of Solid Snake. The original Big Boss resurfaces during the Zanzibar Land disturbance. Miller and Ocelot discuss Big Boss' plans to create Outer Heaven. While Ocelot remains supportive, Miller is disgusted at his former ally's deception, but agrees to continue assisting Venom Snake and Big Boss's sons in hopes of contributing to the real Big Boss's downfall.


[20] GameTitle : Hollow Knight
Much of the story of Hollow Knight is not told to the player directly and is instead hinted at in the environments, character interactions and secrets to discover through playing. Much of the detail is also left vague to reflect Hallownest's status as a long abandoned kingdom. The following is a summary of events that are explained through key pieces of information found throughout the game.
At the beginning, the Knight arrives in the town of Dirtmouth, a small settlement above Hallownest's ruins, with the intent to venture down to discover what lies in wait there. As they journey further through the forgotten kingdom, they encounter the possessed remnants of Hallownest's former residents and other creatures, slowly being overcome by an infection that emanates from a sealed Temple. The Knight also encounters Hornet, the self-proclaimed protector of Hallownest's ruins, who attempts to stop the Knight's quest. The Knight is eventually contacted by strange, mystical beings called the Dreamers, who implore the Knight to undo the seals they keep for some unknown purpose. As the Knight continues their quest, the history of Hallownest and the Knight itself is revealed.
Long before the kingdom's creation, a deity-like force called The Radiance aggressively ruled over bugkind, trapping them in subservience and without will. An ancient race called the Wyrms also existed during this time and one Wyrm was reborn as the Pale King, the future ruler of Hallownest, when it shed its skin outside of The Radiance's influence. The King granted sentience to the bugs and freed them from The Radiance, expanding his territory and establishing the kingdom of Hallownest. The Radiance, angered that its former thralls would soon forget it, unleashed a plague that manifested as the infection seen through the Knight's quest. The King, desperate to find a cure, began to experiment with the Void, the dark endless energy that lay in the Abyss beneath the kingdom. Using it, he hoped to construct a Vessel, an artificial entity designed without a will to be tainted by The Radiance and empty enough to contain the source of the infection inside its body. One such Vessel was deemed worthy enough and dubbed the "Hollow Knight" by the King to be the protector of Hallownest. It was sealed inside the Temple with the infection source and the Dreamers, formerly powerful beings of Hallownest civilization, chose to fall into eternal sleep in order to maintain their magical seals upon the Temple door.
However, the Pale King suddenly vanished without a trace or explanation and the Hollow Knight's body was eventually ravaged by the infection enough to begin leaking out of the Temple's depths. Without their King to aid them, Hallownest fell into ruin as its citizens were either killed or taken over by the plague. The player Knight remembers that they themselves are a failed Vessel, rejected in favor of the true Hollow Knight by the King, that was somehow able to escape the Abyss. The Dreamers, sensing the Hollow Knight's decay, reached out to the player Knight to implore them to defeat their predecessor and take up the mantle as the new Hollow Knight. Hornet, revealed to be one of the Dreamer's children, senses the player Knight's uniqueness through their battles in being able to escape the Abyss and implores it to not simply repeat history, but destroy the source of Hallownest's infection once and for all. Depending on the player's actions, Hollow Knight has three possible endings.
In the first ending, the player Knight defeats the Hollow Knight and absorbs the infection into itself to become the new Vessel. As chains manifest to hold the Knight in place, the Temple is once again resealed and the plague is held at bay. The second ending occurs if the player is able to collect a special item before fighting the Hollow Knight. Halfway through the battle, Hornet arrives to offer assistance and briefly holds the Hollow Knight at bay before she is knocked unconscious. The ending then plays out like the first, except Hornet is sealed in with the player Knight and her mask is used as the seal upon the Temple door.
The third ending occurs if the player collects the special item and uses their Dream Nail ability to enter the Hollow Knight's mind when Hornet arrives to help. Here, the player Knight can challenge The Radiance directly. After summoning the darkness of the Abyss to help, the player Knight is able to destroy The Radiance and wipe out the infection for good. As the darkness from the Temple fades, Hornet wakes to find the player Knight's shell broken and empty, implying it has sacrificed itself and returned to the Void.


[23] GameTitle : DARK SOULS III
Set in the Kingdom of Lothric, a bell has rung to signal that the First Flame, responsible for maintaining the Age of Fire, is dying out. As has happened many times before, the coming of the Age of Dark produces the undead, cursed beings that rise up after death. The Age of Fire can be prolonged with the linking of the fires, a ritual in which great lords and heroes sacrifice their souls to rekindle the First Flame. However, Prince Lothric, the chosen linker for this age, has abandoned his duty and instead chooses to watch the flame die from afar. The bell is the last hope for the Age of Fire, resurrecting previous Lords of Cinder (heroes who linked the flame in past ages) to attempt to link the fire again, but all but one Lord shirk their duty.
The Ashen One, an Undead who failed to become a Lord of Cinder called an Unkindled, rises and must link the fire by returning Prince Lothric and the defiant Lords of Cinder to their thrones in the Firelink Shrine. The Lords include the Abyss Watchers, a group of warriors sworn to protect the land from the abyss and linked by a single soul; Yhorm the Giant, who was once a conqueror of the very people for whom he then sacrificed his life; and Saint Aldrich of the Deep, who became a Lord of Cinder despite his ravenous appetite for both men and gods.
Once the Ashen One succeeds in returning Lothric and the Lords of Cinder to their thrones, they travel to the ruins of the Kiln of the First Flame. There, they encounter the Soul of Cinder, an amalgamation of all the previous Lords of Cinder who had linked the flame in the past. Once the Soul of Cinder is defeated, four endings are made possible based on the player's actions during the game. The player can attempt to link the fire, summon the Fire Keeper to extinguish the flame and begin an age of Dark, or kill her. A fourth ending consists of the Ashen One taking the flame for their own and becoming the Dark Lord of Londor.
Ashes of Ariandel[edit]
Ashes of Ariandel introduces a new character named Gael at a location in the base game, who is able to transport the Ashen One to the "Painted World of Ariandel", a castle-town set in a snowy mountainside. Here, the Ashen One meets Sister Friede, a female character that tells the player to leave in order to keep any remnants of the first flame away from her and Ariandel's inhabitants, so that the world will still go on despite its rot. Another character is then introduced, an unnamed painter woman who will paint the new world once the player shows her the scrap of painted canvas Gael gave them. The Ashen One is then met by Father Ariandel who fears the flame, Friede attempts to kill the Ashen One but is slain, Father Ariandel revives her with fire because she too is an Unkindled, and the pair simultaneously attack the Ashen One. After killing the both of them, Friede is revived once more as Blackflame Elfriede. After defeating Elfriede, the painter talks about how she will soon paint a new world, one that will make a new home for somebody else someday.
The Ringed City[edit]
In The Ringed City, the Ashen One begins their journey to an area known as "The Dreg Heap", a region where ruined kingdoms of different eras are piled upon each other. From the Dreg Heap, the Ashen One combats and then defeats a boss known as the Demon Prince within a tree at the bottom of the ruins of Earthen Peak, a location which first appeared in Dark Souls II. The Ashen One is then carried off by winged demons to the Ringed City, an ancient city of the Pygmies, the ancestors of humanity, which has fallen to the Abyss. The Ashen One then progresses through to the church of a princess known as Filianore, where they touch an egg she is holding. The egg then crumbles as Filianore turns hollow and transports the Ashen One into a ruined wasteland of ash sometime in the future. There, the Ashen One meets Gael from Ashes of Ariandel, who has begun killing and looking for the souls and blood of the Pygmies as ink, now attempting to take the Ashen One's. The Ashen One ultimately defeats Gael, and has the option to give an item known as the Blood of the Dark Soul to the nameless painter in Ariandel, who promises to paint a gentle and dark world in honor of them.


[25] GameTitle : Metro 2033 Redux
This game is based on the book, Metro 2033.
In 2013, nuclear war has devastated the Earth, wiping out billions of lives. Among the affected nations is Russia, including the now-desolate wasteland of Moscow. A handful of survivors manage to hide in the Metro system, salvaging spare parts and growing mushrooms for food. Many Animals such as rats and bears, among others are mutated into horrific monsters, while the air in many areas that humans breath becomes heavily irradiated and impossible to survive without a gas mask. While there is a constant state of war between the Communists and the Nazis both trying to promote their radical ideologies, the bandits are stealing, killing and looting in the metro tunnels even keeping hostages to gain bullets, which are used as currency.
Twenty years later, in 2033, the northern station of VDNKh, now called Exhibition, is under attack by a group of mysterious creatures referred to as the Dark Ones. Artyom (Russian: Артём), a 20-year-old male survivor born before the bombs fell and the adopted son of the station commander, is persuaded to leave his home there and seek help from the rest of the Metro by Hunter, an elite soldier of the Spartan Order. Hunter gives Artyom his dog tags and tells him to present them to his superiors in Polis, the "capital" of the Metro, before disappearing while tracking the Dark Ones.
The next day, Artyom signs on as an escort for a caravan headed to a neighboring station. Along the way, the crew is incapacitated by a psychic attack, but manage to reach the safety of the station's defenses. Afterward, Artyom meets Bourbon, a smuggler who offers to help him reach Polis. The two make their way through several other stations and tunnels, and even through the very city of Moscow itself, before Bourbon is killed by bandits. His friend, a traveler named Khan, rescues Artyom and takes him to meet his contact Andrew, who lives under the control of the Red Line, a communist regime.
With his help, Artyom sneaks out of the Reds' territory, but is subsequently captured by their enemies, the Nazi Fourth Reich. Seconds before he's to be executed, two rangers, Pavel and Ulman, save him. Pavel later dies escorting Artyom out of the Reich, and he's forced to continue alone, eventually coming across a group of survivors trying to stop a mutant horde from reaching Polis. They fail, and Artyom manages to save a boy named Sasha before they escape. In gratitude, the defenders help him reach the surface, and he reunites with Ulman, who takes him to Miller, the colonel of the Order, in Polis.
The governing council ultimately refuses to help Exhibiton, but Miller reveals that he has a back-up plan: a missile silo known as D6 that has the firepower necessary to destroy the Dark Ones. Artyom is recruited as a ranger, and takes part in an operation to locate and reactivate the command center. Finally, he and Miller go to install a laser guidance system on a nearby tower. After the laser system is installed, Artyom experiences a vivid hallucination induced by a Dark One.
After the hallucination, two endings are possible depending on choices the player makes throughout the game. In the canonical ending, Artyom allows the missiles to fire, destroying the Dark Ones; only to realize later that they sought peace and the deaths by them were merely self-defense, which was too late by then. The alternate ending gives Artyom the choice to destroy the laser guidance device, citing a last-minute realization that the Dark Ones were actually attempting to make peaceful contact through the hallucinations. This ending is only available by performing various positive acts throughout the game, such as helping out fellow humans and not automatically fleeing the Dark Ones in various hallucinations.


[26] GameTitle : Metro: Last Light Redux
Metro: Last Light takes place in 2034, one year after the events of Metro 2033, following the ending of the original novel in which Artyom's missile strike against the Dark Ones — mysterious beings that seemingly threatened the survivors of a nuclear war living in the Moscow Metro — occurred. The Rangers, a neutral peacekeeping force that operates throughout the system, have since occupied the D6 military facility Artyom visited during the first game. This is a huge, and not fully explored pre-war bunker, and Artyom, now a Ranger himself, remains unsure whether killing the Dark Ones was the correct decision. Rumors of D6's discovery, and its great riches, have spread around the Metro; rival factions, such as the Communist Red Line and Nazi Fourth Reich, hope to seize the bunker and its contents.
Khan, a wandering mystic, informs Artyom and the Rangers that a single Dark One survived the missile strike. Khan believes that it is the key to humanity's future, and wants to communicate with it; Colonel Miller, the Ranger's leader, wants to eliminate it as a potential threat. Miller sends Artyom to the surface, accompanied by Miller's daughter Anna, the Rangers' best sniper, to kill the Dark One.
Artyom finds the Dark One, a child, but is captured by soldiers of the Fourth Reich. Pavel Morozov, a captured Red Line soldier, and Artyom escape through the Metro tunnels and across the devastated surface. When they reach the Red Line, however, Pavel is revealed to be a high-ranking officer; he detains Artyom to learn more about the Rangers and the Dark One. Artyom escapes and races Pavel's forces to locate the Dark One and Anna, who has been kidnapped by Lesnitsky, an ex-Ranger and Red Line spy. En route, he finds a contingent of Red Line forces massacring the inhabitants of a station, supposedly to contain a mysterious epidemic. It was the Red Line that introduced the virus to the station – weaponized Ebola acquired from the D6 vault by Lesnitsky. Artyom finds Anna and frees her but they are exposed to the virus and are quarantined after rescue. Afraid that she will die, Anna seduces Artyom.
After they test negative for the virus, Artyom again encounters Khan. They locate the young Dark One, and in a series of hallucinatory flashbacks, Artyom recalls that he was saved by a Dark One as a child; he was psychically linked to the Dark Ones, intended to form a bridge between their species and his. Artyom vows to make amends by protecting the little Dark One, and the two travel to Polis, the Metro's central area, where a peace conference regarding D6 between the Rangers, Red Line, the Reich, and neutral Hansa is taking place. Artyom defeats Lesnitsky and Pavel during the trip. Along the way, the little Dark One senses that there is a group of hibernating Dark Ones in D6. After arriving at Polis, the little Dark One uses his telepathic abilities to make the Red Line leader, Chairman Moskvin, publicly confess that the peace conference is a diversion to enable General Korbut to seize D6. Artyom and the rest of the Rangers rush to the bunker to make a final stand against Korbut's army, but are incapacitated by an armored train ramming into their station. Red Line soldiers surround, and prepare to execute Artyom and Miller.
The karma the player has acquired determines the ending. In the "bad" ending, Artyom destroys D6 to prevent Korbut from using the facility to wipe out the remnants of the other factions and possibly humanity, resulting in the deaths of himself, the surviving Rangers, and the Red Line forces. Later, Anna is shown telling their son of Artyom's bravery. In the "good" ending, later revealed as the canonical ending, Artyom prepares to destroy the bunker but is stopped by the little Dark One, who, along with the awakened Dark Ones, defeats Korbut's army. Artyom calls the little Dark One humanity's "last light of hope". In both endings, the young Dark One leaves with the surviving Dark Ones to find safety, while promising that they will come back in the future to help rebuild the world.


[33] GameTitle : Assassin’s Creed Rogue
The modern day plot begins one year after the events of Black Flag, with a new unnamed player character who works for Abstergo Entertainment. While investigating the memories of Shay Patrick Cormac, an Irish Assassin working in the North Atlantic during the French and Indian War, they inadvertently trip a hidden memory file that corrupts the Abstergo servers. With the building being put into lockdown, the player is recruited by Melanie Lemay to continue exploring Cormac's memories in an effort to clear the system.
Cormac is a new recruit to the Brotherhood of Assassins, working under Achilles Davenport. Achilles sees potential in him, but Cormac develops an insubordinate streak that frustrates his mentors. Believing that taking a more active role in the Brotherhood's affairs will shape him into a better assassin, Achilles orders Cormac with his newly acquired ship, the Morrígan, to track down a Templar cell that has been deciphering a Precursor artifact revealing the locations of several Pieces of Eden. The artifact, in the form of a wooden box, had been stolen from the Assassins following a massive earthquake in Haiti some years before. With the help of Benjamin Franklin, a Piece of Eden is located in Lisbon, and Cormac is tasked with retrieving it.
However, Cormac has begun questioning the Assassins' motives after seeing their refusal to engage in dialogue with the Templars, and takes no satisfaction from killing Lawrence Washington, who was already dying of tuberculosis. His doubts come to a head in Lisbon, where his attempt to retrieve the Piece of Eden triggers an earthquake which destroys the city. Noting that similar events occurred in Haiti, Cormac is horrified to learn that Achilles and the Assassins intend to pursue the remaining Pieces of Eden. Cormac steals a manuscript necessary to interpret the artifact and flees, while the Assassins give chase. Confronted on the edge of a cliff at the homestead, he decides to commit suicide and bury the manuscript in the depths of the Atlantic rather than let the Assassins reacquire it. Just as he jumps, Louis-Joseph Gaultier de La Vérendrye shoots him in the back, although Cormac goes on to believe that it was his best friend Liam's doing.
Cormac is rescued by a passing ship and taken to New York City. Once he recovers, he uses the skills he learned from the Assassins to drive out the city's criminal gangs. His actions attract the attention of George Monro, the city's governor, who offers Cormac the chance to help rebuild the city. Indebted to Monro, Cormac assists the British Army in their early campaigns against the French, particularly at the Battle of Quiberon Bay, the Siege of Louisbourg and skirmishes against French soldiers at Valley Forge, and discovers that Achilles' chapter is supporting the French war effort. Monro reveals himself to be a Templar, and despite being aware of Cormac's previous loyalties, he offers him a place within their Order. Cormac accepts the offer after defending Monro and his remaining soldiers at the aftermath of the Siege of Fort William Henry by an attack by Abenaki Indians, led by one of Cormac's former tutors, but Monro is killed by Liam shortly afterwards during an attack on a British fort. Cormac is then formally inducted by the Templar Grandmaster, Haytham Kenway.
Cormac reveals to Kenway his belief that the Pieces of Eden sought by the Assassins are not weapons, but instead are being used to hold the world together, and he pledges to stop his former allies before they cause another catastrophe. Among of Shay's victims was Adewale, former Quartermaster of Edward Kenway's jackdaw after he tried to defeat the British at Louisbourg. His efforts lead to the deaths of several senior figures in the Brotherhood, until only Achilles and Liam remain. On discovering that the pair are headed for another Precursor temple in the Arctic, he immediately pursues them. Inside the temple, Haytham and Cormac confront Achilles and Liam over their actions, but Achilles' attempts to prevent bloodshed causes Liam to destroy the Piece of Eden by accident, causing another earthquake. While Haytham pursues Achilles, Cormac and Liam fight throughout the temple, until a high fall kills Liam. Cormac arrives in time to persuade Haytham to spare Achilles, as his testimony will stop the Assassins from trying to locate other Precursor Sites. Haytham nonetheless cripples Achilles as a precaution by shooting him in the knee.
With the Colonial America branch of the Assassin Brotherhood all but destroyed, Cormac is tasked with locating the artifact that was used to find the Pieces of Eden, as Achilles had passed it to other Assassins prior to his Arctic voyage. Cormac's twenty year search eventually leads him to Versailles, where he discovers it under the care of a French assassin named Charles Dorian. Cormac kills Dorian and takes possession of the artifact, taunting the dying man with the promise that while the American Revolution ended Templar influence in the Americas, the advent of a a new revolution may yet hold promise.
In the present day, the player reconciles Cormac's memories. Under the direction of Otso Berg, a senior Templar leader, they upload them to the Assassin network, revealing how close Achilles Davenport came to destroying the world. The result is almost instantaneous, with the Assassins thrown into disarray and, as revealed in Assassin's Creed Unity, retaliating by hacking into Abstergo's systems and destroying all of the company's Precursor samples as well as causing several of their servers to melt down. As reward for their actions, the player is presented with a choice; join the Templar Order, or die. The game fades to black before a choice is made.


[36] GameTitle : The Legend of Heroes: Trails of Cold Steel
The game takes place at the same time frame as Zero and Ao no Kiseki games, but in the Erebonian Empire. The game's plot is centered around the newly formed special class "Class VII" in Thors Military Academy, composed of both aristocrats and normal Erebonian citizens. Class VII is the only class in the entire academy that does not segregate the two different social classes.
The game follows Class VII throughout their school year, mainly around the times when Class VII receive special field training that takes them all over Erebonia. Throughout their training across Erebonia, Class VII matures and casts aside their preconceptions of the two social classes and witness first hand the reality of the empire; The power struggle between the aristocracy led by the four noble houses, and the working class reformists led by Iron Blood Chancellor Osborne which threatens to lead to a civil war.
They also awaken Valimar, a knight-god (giant robot) sleeping under Thors. The story comes to a climax with the attempted assassination of Osbourne by the terrorist C who turns out to be the Thors student Crow Armbrust, and a coup by the aristocracy, and ends with Thors being occupied by the coup forces led by Crow piloting another knight-god, Ordine, leading into Trails of Cold Steel II.
Characters[edit]
Rean Schwarzer (リィン・シュバルツァー), Voiced by: Koki Uchiyama (Japanese); Sean Chiplock (English)

An amnesiac who was adopted by the Schwarzer Family, rulers of the territory of Ymir. He is the main protagonist of the series. He goes to the military academy to find his path in life, not wanting to burden his adoptive family. He wields a tachi and fights in the Eight Leaves One Blade eastern sword-fighting style.

Alisa Reinford (アリサ・ラインフォルト), Voiced by: Yui Horie (Japanese); Rachel Hirschfeld (English)

Alisa is the daughter of the Reinford family which runs the Reinford Group, the biggest heavy manufacturing enterprise in the Erebonian Empire. She attends the academy to become independent from her mother, who places more value on the company's profits. Alisa fights with an orbal bow.


Elliot Craig (エリオット・クレイグ), Voiced by: Ryoko Shiraishi (Japanese); Lucien Dodge (English)
Elliot is the son of General Craig of the 3rd Imperial Army Division, also known as "Craig the Red". He is kindhearted and is fond of music. Elliot uses an experimental orbal staff in combat.


Laura S. Arseid (ラウラ・S・アルゼイド), Voiced by: Mariya Ise (Japanese); Marisha Ray (English)
Laura is the daughter of Victor S. Arseid, the "Radiant Blademaster" and Viscount of Legram. She attends the military academy to improve her sword skills. She wields a greatsword.

Machias Regnitz (マキアス・レーグニッツ), Voiced by: Takuya Sato (Japanese); Edward Bosco (English)

Machias is the son of Imperial Governor Carl Regnitz. He openly despises nobles, which leads to uncomfortable moments for Class VII when he and Jusis clash. He uses an orbal shotgun in combat.

Jusis Albarea (ユーシス・アルバレア), Voiced by: Shinnosuke Tachibana (Japanese); Ben Diskin (English)

Second son of the Albarea family, one of the Four Great Houses of the Erebonian Empire. Despite his noble upbringing, his father, Duke Albarea has no time for him due to him being a bastard son. As a result, he is much closer to his older brother Rufus. Adept at court fencing, he fights with a one-handed sword.

Emma Millstein (エマ・ミルスティン), Voiced by: Saori Hayami (Japanese); Rena Strober (English)

A polite and intelligent young woman, Emma placed first on the entrance exams and harbors a unique secret from the rest of the class. Like Elliot, she uses an experimental orbal staff.

Fie Claussell (フィー・クラウゼル), Voiced by: Hisako Kanemoto (Japanese); Cassandra Morris (English)

She struggles with studying, but underneath all that lies a very skilled fighter. Fie would rather sleep than put effort into anything, though she is quite knowledgeable when it comes to weaponry and explosives. She dual-wields a pair of gunblades.

Gaius Worzel (ガイウス・ウォーゼル), Voiced by: Yoshimasa Hosoya (Japanese); Kaiji Tang (English)

A tall boy from the Nord Highlands. He attends military academy by recommendation of a certain Erebonian official. Gaius's people believe in the world's winds governing many factors of life. He wields a three-pronged spear.

Sara Valestein (サラ・バレスタイン), Voiced by: Megumi Toyoguchi (Japanese); Carrie Keranen (English)

The main homeroom teacher to Class VII. She also oversees the field exams that occur during each month. This is to train Rean and the rest of the class, so as to improve their fighting capabilities and to fight against anyone and everyone who plan on hurting their friends and loved ones. She wields a sword and an orbal gun simultaneously.

NPCs[edit]
Olivert Reise Arnor (オリビエ・レンハイム), Voiced by: Takehito Koyasu (Japanese); Matthew Mercer (English)

Previously from The Legend of Heroes: Trails in the Sky games. He serves as the music teacher in St. Astraia's all-girls school, Elise's school, at the Sanktheim district of Heimdallr. He also was the one to form Class VII, a group of unlikely heroes that would face whatever threats that would fall before them.



[37] GameTitle : Half-Life 2
Some years after Gordon Freeman and other scientists accidentally opened a portal to a dimension of hostile aliens at the Black Mesa Research Facility, Freeman is awoken from stasis by the mysterious G-Man.[1][2] The portal attracted the attention of the Combine, a technologically superior multidimensional empire which conquered Earth in seven hours. The Combine have implemented a brutal police state by biologically assimilating humans and other species, and prevent humans from breeding via a "suppression field". The G-Man inserts Gordon into a train arriving at City 17, site of the Combine Citadel, where Dr. Wallace Breen, the former Black Mesa administrator who negotiated Earth's surrender, governs as the Combine's puppet ruler.[3]
After eluding Combine forces, Gordon joins resistance members including Barney Calhoun, a former Black Mesa security guard working undercover as a Combine police officer; Dr. Eli Vance, former Black Mesa scientist and leader of the resistance; Alyx Vance, Eli's daughter; and Dr. Kleiner, an eccentric Black Mesa scientist. After a failed attempt to teleport to the resistance base, Black Mesa East, from Kleiner's makeshift laboratory, Gordon progresses on foot through the city's canal system. He obtains an airboat and battles his way to Black Mesa East, several miles from the city.[4][5]
Gordon is reintroduced to Eli and meets another resistance scientist, Dr. Judith Mossman.[6] Alyx introduces Gordon to her pet robot D0g and gives him a "gravity gun", an instrument which can manipulate large objects. Black Mesa East comes under Combine attack, and Eli and Mossman are taken to Nova Prospekt, a Combine prison. Separated from Alyx, Gordon detours through the zombie-infested town of Ravenholm, assisted by its last survivor, Father Grigori. Escaping the town, Gordon discovers a resistance outpost, and uses a customized dune buggy to travel a crumbling coastal road to Nova Prospekt, encountering Combine patrols and helping the resistance fend off raids.
Gordon lays siege to Nova Prospekt by using pheromone pods to command the hordes of alien antlions that infest the coast. He reunites with Alyx in the prison and they locate Eli, but discover that Mossman is a Combine informant. Before they can stop her, Mossman teleports herself and Eli back to City 17's Citadel. The Combine teleporter explodes as Gordon and Alyx use it to escape Nova Prospekt.
Returning to Kleiner's lab, Gordon and Alyx learn that the teleporter malfunctioned and that a week has passed. During their absence, the resistance has mobilized against the Combine.[7] In battle, Alyx is captured by the Combine and taken to the Citadel. Gordon fights his way to the Citadel with the aid of D0g and Barney.[8] He is caught in a Combine "confiscation chamber" which destroys all his weapons except the gravity gun, which is inadvertently supercharged by the forcefield, allowing him to pick up Combine soldiers.
Gordon is captured in a Combine transport pod and taken to Breen's office, where he and Mossman are waiting with Eli and Alyx in captivity. Breen explains his plans for further conquest of humanity by the Combine, contrary to what he told Mossman.[9] Angered, Mossman frees Gordon, Alyx, and Eli before Breen can teleport them off-world. Breen tries to escape through a portal, but Gordon destroys the portal reactor with the gravity gun. Just before the Citadel is destroyed in an ensuing explosion, time is frozen. The G-Man reappears, praising Gordon for his actions in City 17. Making vague mention of "offers for [Gordon's] services", the G-Man places him back into stasis.[10]


[39] GameTitle : Portal 2
The Portal series is linked to the Half-Life series. The events in Portal take place between the first and second Half-Life games;[21] while most of Portal 2 is set "a long time after" the events in Portal and Half-Life 2.[22]
Before Portal, Aperture Science conducted experiments to determine whether human subjects could safely navigate dangerous "test chambers", until the artificial intelligence GLaDOS, governing the laboratory, killed its employees. At the end of the first game the protagonist Chell destroys GLaDOS and momentarily escapes the facility, but is dragged back inside by an unseen figure later identified by writer Erik Wolpaw as the "Party Escort Bot".[23] A promotional comic shows estranged Aperture Science employee Doug Rattmann, who used graffiti to guide the player in Portal, placing Chell into suspended animation to save her life, until the beginning of Portal 2.
Single-player campaign[edit]
Chell wakes in a stasis chamber resembling a motel room, where an artificial voice guides her through a cognitive test before she is put back to sleep. When she awakens again, the Aperture Science complex has become dilapidated and overgrown and appears on the verge of destruction. Wheatley (Stephen Merchant), a personality core, helps her attempt to escape via the test chambers.[24][25] In the process, they accidentally reactivate the dormant GLaDOS (Ellen McLain),[2] who separates Chell from Wheatley and rebuilds the laboratory.[26][27]




Potatoes are a motif of Portal 2. Wheatley attaches GLaDOS's core personality to a potato battery while he takes over the Aperture Science facility.


Having done so, GLaDOS subjects Chell to new obstacle courses until Wheatley helps her escape once again. The pair sabotage the turret- and neurotoxin-manufacturing plants before confronting GLaDOS and performing a "core transfer" which replaces GLaDOS with Wheatley as the laboratory's controlling intelligence. He is quickly corrupted by his newfound power and becomes malevolent, and attaches GLaDOS's personality core to a potato battery. GLaDOS tells Chell that Wheatley was intentionally designed as an "intelligence dampening sphere" producing illogical thoughts, created to hamper her own personality.[28] Denying this and infuriated by the accusation, Wheatley drops Chell and GLaDOS through an elevator shaft into the laboratories' abandoned lowest level. Thereafter Chell ascends through the laboratories in order of construction (the decor slowly changing from 1950s styles to one similar to that seen early in the game), periodically hearing audio recordings of Aperture Science's founder, Cave Johnson (J. K. Simmons).[29] Through the recordings it becomes apparent that over the decades Aperture begins to lose money and prestige, and Johnson is poisoned by moon dust used in the manufacture of portal-conductive surfaces.[30] One of his last requests was for his assistant Caroline (McLain) to become a test subject for a mind-to-computer transfer experiment, which ultimately created GLaDOS. Chell retrieves GLaDOS, and the two form a reluctant partnership to stop Wheatley before his mistakes destroy the laboratories. During their search, GLaDOS is troubled by the identification of herself as Caroline.[30]
Chell and GLaDOS return to the modern chambers and face Wheatley, who is driven by GLaDOS's software to test them[31] against a series of traps, which Chell escapes.[32] In their final confrontation, Chell attaches three corrupted personality cores (Nolan North)[33] to Wheatley, allowing a second core transfer to restore GLaDOS to control. However, Wheatley blows up the button needed to activate the transfer. With the facility exploding around them due to the impending meltdown of its reactor core, the roof collapses revealing the night sky, whereupon Chell places a portal on the moon overhead. The vacuum of space pulls her and Wheatley through the other portal still inside the chamber,[34] and GLaDOS reasserts her control. GLaDOS retrieves Chell, who falls unconscious, and Wheatley is left in space with a corrupt personality core orbiting him.[35]
When Chell awakens, GLaDOS claims to have learned "valuable lessons" about humanity from the remnants of Caroline,[35] then deletes Caroline's personality files and reverts to her usual attitude.[36] Deciding that Chell is not worth the trouble of trying to kill, GLaDOS releases her.[37] Chell then traverses the building in an elevator, serenaded by the laboratories' robotic sentinels in a song titled "Cara Mia Addio".[38] On the surface, she enters a wheat field from a corrugated metal shed, with the charred and battered Weighted Companion Cube, supposedly incinerated during the events of Portal, thrown after her.[38][39]
In a post-credits scene, Wheatley floats helplessly through space with the corrupt personality core and regrets betraying Chell.[35][38]
Cooperative campaign[edit]
The cooperative story takes place after the single-player campaign and has some ties into it, but players are not required to play them in order.[40] Player characters Atlas and P-Body are bipedal robots who navigate five sets of test chambers together, each with a fully functioning portal gun. After completing a test chamber, the robots are disassembled and reassembled at the next chamber. After completing each set of chambers, they are returned to a central hub. The puzzles in each set of chambers focus on a particular testing element or puzzle-solving technique. In the first four sets, GLaDOS prepares the robots to venture outside of the test systems of Aperture Laboratories to recover data disks. She destroys them and restores their memories to new bodies—which also happens when they die in a test chamber hazard. At first, GLaDOS is excited about her non-human test subjects, but later becomes dissatisfied because the two robots cannot truly die.[41] At the end of the story, the robots gain entry to "the Vault", where humans are stored in stasis.[32] GLaDOS gives thanks to the robots on locating the humans, whom she sees as new test subjects, and destroys the robots.[41]


[40] GameTitle : South Park: The Stick of Truth
The New Kid has moved with his parents to South Park to escape his forgotten past. He quickly allies with Butters, Princess Kenny and their leader Cartman. Nicknamed "Douchebag", the New Kid is introduced to the coveted Stick of Truth. Shortly thereafter, the elves attack Kupa Keep and take the Stick. Cartman banishes Clyde from the group for failing to defend the Stick from the elves. With the help of Cartman's best warriors, Douchebag recovers the Stick from Jimmy. That night, Douchebag and several town residents are abducted by aliens. Douchebag escapes his confinement with the help of Stan's father, Randy, and crashes the alien ship into the town's mall.
By morning, the UFO crash site has been sealed off by the government, who has put out a cover-story that claims a Taco Bell is being built. Douchebag visits Kupa Keep and learns that the Stick has again been stolen by the elves. Cartman and Kyle task Douchebag with recruiting the Goth kids for their respective sides, each claiming that the other has the Stick. Randy agrees to help Douchebag recruit the Goths after Douchebag infiltrates the crash site and discovers that government agents are plotting to blow up the town in order to destroy an alien goo released from the ship. The goo turns living creatures into Adolf Hitler-esque Nazi Zombies; an infected person escapes government containment, unleashing the virus on South Park.
That night, Cartman or Kyle (dependent on which character the player chooses to follow) leads his side against the other at the school. Here, the children learn that Clyde stole the Stick as revenge for his banishment. Clyde rallies defectors from the humans and elves, and uses the alien goo to create an army of Nazi Zombies. The humans and elves join together to oppose Clyde but there are too few to fight him. Later, Gnomes steal Douchebag's underpants; after defeating them, Douchebag gains the ability to change size at will.
Out of desperation, Douchebag is told to invite the girls to play. They agree to join after Douchebag infiltrates an abortion clinic and travels across Canada to discover which of their friends is spreading gossip. Flanked by the girls, kindergarten pirates, and Star Trek role-players, the humans and elves attack Clyde's dark tower. Randy arrives and reveals that the government agents have planted a nuclear device in Mr. Slave's anus to blow up South Park, forcing Douchebag to shrink and enter Mr. Slave to disarm the bomb.[4] After exiting Mr. Slave, Douchebag finally confronts Clyde and is forced to fight a resurrected Nazi Zombie Chef; Chef is defeated. Clyde decides he is not playing any more and Cartman kicks him from the tower.
The government agents arrive, revealing that Douchebag went into hiding to escape them because of his ability to quickly make friends on social networks such as Facebook, which the government wanted to use for its own ends. Learning of the Stick's supposed power, the chief agent takes it and bargains with Douchebag to help him use it. Douchebag refuses but Princess Kenny betrays the group, uses the Stick to fight them and infects himself with the Nazi Zombie virus. Unable to defeat Nazi Zombie Princess Kenny, Cartman tells Douchebag to break their sacred rule by farting on Kenny's balls, which he does. The resulting explosion defeats Kenny and cures the town of the Nazi Zombie virus. In the epilogue as South Park is rebuilt, the group retrieves the Stick of Truth; they decide its power is too great for any person to hold and throw it into Stark's Pond.[39]


[41] GameTitle : Dishonored
After returning from a foreign voyage to seek aid with the deadly plague ravaging the city, Corvo Attano travels to the tower of Dunwall and meets with the Empress. After delivering a message, they are attacked by teleporting assassins led by Daud; they magically restrain Corvo, kill the Empress and kidnap her daughter Emily. The Empress' Spymaster arrives and has Corvo imprisoned for her murder and Emily's abduction.[46] Six months later, the Spymaster has seized control of Dunwall as Lord Regent. Interrogating Corvo, the Lord Regent confesses that he masterminded the assassination and framed Corvo.[47][48] The following day, Corvo is due to be executed. In his cell, a letter from Empire Loyalists is smuggled to Corvo, and he is given the means to escape. After escaping, Samuel ferries Corvo to the Hound Pits pub to meet the Loyalists, led by Admiral Havelock.[49][50]
While resting at the pub, Corvo is taken to a dream world where he meets the Outsider, who brands Corvo with his mark. Corvo is sent by the Loyalists to eliminate the conspirators behind the Lord Regent's plot, and the player is given the option to kill or otherwise neutralize Corvo's targets, the first of which is High Overseer Campbell.[50] During the mission, Corvo meets Granny Rags and Slackjaw. Corvo removes the High Overseer and discovers that Emily is being held in a brothel called the Golden Cat under the supervision of twins Custis and Morgan Pendleton. Corvo rescues Emily and eliminates the brothers.[51][52] After returning to the pub, Emily is taken into the care of Callista to prepare her for becoming Empress, while Corvo is sent to abduct the genius scientist Sokolov, who is responsible for the Lord Regent's powerful technologies. Sokolov is taken to the pub for interrogation, under which he divulges the identity of the Lord Regent's financier, Lady Boyle. Corvo infiltrates Boyle's masquerade ball, deduces which of the three sisters is the Lord Regent's mistress, and disposes of her.[53][54]
After returning to the pub, Havelock confirms they have done enough damage to move on the Lord Regent. Corvo infiltrates the tower of Dunwall and removes the Lord Regent from power and, in the process, learns that the Lord Regent intentionally imported the plague to decimate the lower classes of society, though things quickly got out of hand.[55] Corvo returns to the Hound Pits pub where the Loyalists celebrate their success. After sharing a drink, Corvo goes to his room and collapses. Upon waking he learns that his drink was poisoned by Samuel at the behest of Havelock and his Loyalist allies Treavor Pendleton and Teague Martin to prevent him interfering in their plan to install Emily as Empress and rule through her. Samuel remains loyal to Corvo and had given him a non-lethal dose of poison. Samuel sets Corvo adrift on the river and flees.[56] When Corvo wakes, he is a prisoner of the assassin Daud and his men, who killed the Empress and intend to claim the bounty placed on Corvo's head by the now Lord Regent Havelock.[57]
Corvo defeats Daud and his assassins before traveling through Daud's territory and into the sewers where he finds Granny Rags attempting to cook Slackjaw. Corvo can eliminate either Slackjaw or Granny Rags, who is revealed to be a witch called Vera Moray.[56][57] Corvo returns to the pub to find it overrun with guards and that Havelock has killed many of the Loyalists. He discovers where Havelock has taken Emily, and can save Piero, Sokolov and Callista. Corvo signals to Samuel, who ferries him to the former Lord Regent's lighthouse.[58] He infiltrates the lighthouse and either subdues Pendleton and Martin or finds that Havelock, to ensure the Loyalists' actions are never known, has already killed them.[56] Once finished with Havelock, Corvo may or may not rescue Emily. Havelock's journal reveals that the Lord Regent suspects that Emily is Corvo's daughter.[59][60]
The ending varies depending upon the level of chaos the player has caused throughout the game. If Corvo saves Emily, she ascends the throne as Empress with Corvo at her side. If only a small amount of chaos has been caused, a golden age dawns and the plague is finally overcome. After many decades, Corvo dies of natural causes and Empress Emily Kaldwin I the Wise buries him beside Empress Jessamine.[61] If much chaos is caused, the city remains in turmoil and is overrun with the plague. If Corvo fails to save Emily, Dunwall crumbles and Corvo flees the city by ship.[56]


[43] GameTitle : NEKOPARA Vol. 1
Kashou Minaduki is an aspiring chef who moves away from home to open his own confection shop. While he is unpacking in his new shop, he discovers that two of his family's Nekos, Chocola and Vanilla, came along with him by hiding in cardboard boxes. After the two Nekos convince Kashou to let them stay and live with him, the three of them work together to run his shop, "La Soleil". Throughout the story, Kashou is frequently visited by his younger sister Shigure, as well as the other Nekos owned by his family.


[44] GameTitle : Life is Strange: Before the Storm
Sixteen-year-old Chloe Price enters an old mill to attend a house concert. Conflict arises with two men inside, whom she evades when schoolmate Rachel Amber causes a distraction. The next day, Chloe and Rachel reunite at school. They decide to stow away on a cargo train, ending up at a lookout point. Using a viewfinder there, Rachel is upset by what she sees and insists on getting drunk. Having stolen some wine, they take a walk to a scrapyard. Chloe confronts Rachel about her change in mood, but is refused an answer. After Rachel leaves, Chloe discovers the wrecked car in which her father was killed. She meets up with Rachel again, who discloses that she witnessed her father cheating on her mother through the viewfinder. Rachel destroys a family photo in a burning trash bin, and in a fit of rage kicks it over, igniting a wildfire.[4]


[46] GameTitle : Cave Story+
Cave Story takes place within the cavernous interior of a floating island. The island is populated by Mimigas, a race of sentient, rabbit-like creatures. A particular species of red flower that grows in the island causes the normally peaceful Mimigas to fall into a violent frenzy when ingested.[5] The island also conceals an artifact called the Demon Crown, which has vast magical powers. An army of robot soldiers was sent to the floating island on a military expedition, seeking to harness the Demon Crown as a weapon for wars on the surface world.[6] These robots slaughtered Mimigas indiscriminately in their search for the crown, but were defeated when the Mimigas decided to eat the red flowers as a last resort.[7] [8] Shortly before the game begins, Professor Booster, the Sakamoto family, and various assistants formed a scientific party to research the island, but they became stranded when their medical doctor managed to acquire the Crown: he then forced the expedition to search for the red flowers.[9]
Story[edit]
The player character awakens in a cave with no memory of how he came to be there. He finds a village of Mimigas, who are being persecuted by the Doctor. The Doctor's servants Misery and Balrog are looking for Sue Sakamoto, a girl who had been transformed into a Mimiga. Not finding her, they mistakenly abduct another Mimiga named Toroko instead. The player finds Sue in the Egg Corridor, where she discovers the eggs of a Sky Dragon, which could allow her to escape the floating island if hatched.[10] Sue attempts to rescue her brother Kazuma, but King, the leader of Mimiga Village, captures her and holds her responsible for Toroko's kidnapping. Sue tasks the player with retrieving Kazuma from Grasstown. After freeing him, they meet Professor Booster, who reveals that the Doctor plans to use the red flowers on Mimigas to create an army to take over the surface world. Booster sends the player to the Sand Zone to destroy the red flowers before the Doctor can find them. While there, the player meets Curly Brace, a female robot who also has no memories of her past, and Jenka, an old witch who is Misery's mother and guardian of the red flowers. Jenka calls the player character a "soldier from the surface", one of many who were sent to the island to slaughter the Mimigas.[7] Balrog manages to steal the key to the warehouse containing the red flowers from Jenka, who urges the player to stop them. Before the player can reach the warehouse, however, the Doctor force-feeds the captured Toroko a red flower and gravely injures King, leaving the player to fight the rabid Toroko, who ultimately dies.
Misery banishes the player to the Labyrinth deep inside the island as punishment for interfering with the Doctor's plans. Curly Brace has also been thrown into the Labyrinth and they cooperate to escape. Balrog helps them to move the boulder blocking the exit, revealing his kind nature.[11] The pair find and defeat the Core, a magical creature whose power keeps the island afloat. However, the Doctor steps in to save it before the island collapses.[12] Depending on certain conditions, the player may rescue Curly Brace, who had sacrificed her air tank to save the player character. When he returns to Mimiga Village, he finds that the Doctor has captured the Mimigas. In the Egg Corridor, Kazuma offers the player a choice to escape the island with him using a Sky Dragon, leading to an alternate ending in which the Doctor conquers the surface world while Kazuma and the player hide in the mountains.[13] The player may instead choose to confront the Doctor and destroy the island's Core, which would return the Mimigas to normal. The player scales the outer wall of the island to reach the Plantation where the Doctor is using the Mimigas as slave laborers to grow red flowers. The Doctor's servants capture the player and place him in a jail cell with Sue. She is taken away before the player wakes up, but her letter reveals that the Doctor was a member of the research expedition that included Sue's family and Professor Booster, but he betrayed them once he found the Demon Crown. Sue directs the player to find her mother who may have a plan to stop the Doctor.[14]
If the player saved Curly Brace earlier, the player may find an item to restore her memories. She remembers that the player character's name is Quote, and that they were not the killer robots who slaughtered Mimigas in the past. Instead, they were sent to destroy the Demon Crown to prevent its power from falling into the wrong hands.[15] Quote finds Sue's mother, Momorin, who is building a rocket that will allow access to the top of the island where the Doctor resides. After helping her complete the rocket, Quote confronts Misery and the Doctor. The Doctor has purified the essence of the red flowers into a crystal, which allows him to survive even after Quote destroys his body.[16] The Doctor's spirit possesses the Core of the island, but Quote succeeds in destroying that as well, causing the island to begin falling to Earth. Should the player have saved Curly and restored her memories, they may proceed into a bonus stage called the Bloodstained Sanctuary where Curly can be found and rescued; it is also here that Ballos - creator of the Demon Crown and Jenka's younger brother - is imprisoned. A powerful wizard who went insane and destroyed his homeland after being tortured by a jealous king, Ballos was sealed deep within the island by his sister. At some point, his niece Misery forced him to create the demon crown, but she and Balrog became cursed to serve whoever possessed it.[17] Additionally, it is stated via narration that the Demon Crown will repair itself if it is destroyed, and will only truly lose its power if Ballos is killed, necessitating that Quote and Curly take his life.[18]
With the help of Curly Brace, Quote defeats Ballos and stops the source of the negative energy that was causing the island to fall, saving its inhabitants. Balrog saves the two before they are crushed by Ballos' collapsing prison—he had been sent by Misery as thanks for breaking her curse. Quote, Curly Brace, and Balrog leave the island to live out their days in peace.[19]


[47] GameTitle : Fran Bow
The game takes place in 1944 and tells the story of Fran, a ten-year-old girl struggling with a mental disorder after witnessing the violent murder of her parents. After being found alone in the woods, Fran is committed to Oswald Asylum and separated from her black cat and only friend, Mr. Midnight. Under the care of psychiatrist Dr. Marcel Deern, Fran is administered a strange medication that causes vivid hallucinations of grisly parallel world full of black shadowy figures and strange creatures. Driven to escape her imprisonment, find her cat, and get back home, Fran is able to pass into this world and alter her surroundings so that she might escape.
Along her journey, she attempts to discover who is responsible for her parents' tragedy. On the way home, Fran Bow discovers a strange land named Ithersta, where vegetables and roots live in harmony. After she exits Ithersta she runs into a creature named Itward. Itward is the creature that helps Fran get back to Mr. Midnight. Throughout this game Fran's reality seems to break down, and she cannot tell what the difference is between what she sees on the pills or what she sees off them. Fran Bow is faced with the reality that her parents have died and the person responsible might be someone very close to her.


[48] GameTitle : Half-Life: Opposing Force
Opposing Force opens with Shephard riding on a V-22 Osprey with his squad. His squad discuss their deployment, somewhat irritated that they have not been told what they are being deployed for. However, as they are nearing their Landing Zone at Black Mesa, airborne alien creatures attack the Osprey formation, causing Shephard's Osprey to crash land. Shephard regains consciousness in a Black Mesa medical bay, tended to by the science team, learning that the Marines are being steadily beaten by the alien forces from Xen and orders have come through to pull out. Consequently, Shephard departs to reach an extraction point and escape the facility.[9] However, Shephard is prevented from reaching the extraction point by the enigmatic G-Man, forcing the evacuation craft to leave without him.
Other Marines who have also been left behind team up with Shephard and attempt to reach another extraction point near Black Mesa's Lambda Complex, but en route they come under attack from black operations units seeking to thoroughly contain the situation and eliminate all survivors.[10] Shephard makes it to the Lambda Complex alive, and briefly sees Gordon Freeman as the latter teleports to Xen in the final stages of Half-Life. To escape the teleportation chamber, Shephard is forced to enter a separate portal, briefly taking him to Xen before depositing him in an entirely different area of the facility. The facility is now heavily damaged, and it soon becomes clear that a new alien race, Race X, has exploited the situation to mount a localized invasion, attacking both human and Xen forces in Black Mesa indiscriminately.[11] Fighting between the black operations units and Race X quickly intensifies.
Shephard soon encounters more stranded Marine units in the wreckage of the base, and tries to break through the black operations units to reach an escape point past the facility's storage unit, but meets heavy resistance from both Race X and the black operations units.[12] A surviving Black Mesa security guard reveals to Shephard that the black operators intend to detonate a tactical nuclear weapon in the base, thereby totally sealing it off and killing everything in it.[13] After successfully neutralizing the guarding black operations unit, Shephard disarms the device and proceeds to the nearby storage areas, intent on escape. However, the G-Man rearms the device as Shephard departs. The storage unit has become a thick battleground between Race X and the black operation units, and although Shephard manages to evade them, he is informed by another security guard that something very large is coming through an alien portal blocking the exit path.[14]
At the portal, Shephard discovers a gene worm, a massive creature facilitating the Race X invasion. Shephard is able to kill the creature, but just afterwards he is teleported onto an Osprey by the G-Man. As the G-Man congratulates Shephard on his accomplishments, the nuclear device detonates in the background, destroying Black Mesa. The game closes with the G-Man detaining Shephard someplace where he can tell no one of what he has seen and cannot be harmed, pending further evaluation.[15]


[53] GameTitle : Thief II: The Metal Age
Like its predecessor Thief: The Dark Project, Thief II is set in a steampunk metropolis called the City,[4][7] whose appearance resembles that of both medieval and Victorian era cities.[7][8] Magic and steam technology exist side by side,[9] and three factions—the manipulative and enigmatic Keepers, the technology-focused Hammerites and the "pagan" worshippers of the Pan-like Trickster god—are in operation.[9][10][11][12] Thief II takes place one year after the first game,[13] in the aftermath of the Trickster's defeat and the failure of his plan to revert the world to a wild, primitive state.[2][9][14] A schism in the Hammerite religion spawns the "Mechanist" sect, which fanatically values technological progress.[9][15] The new inventions of the Mechanists are used by a resurgent police force to crack down on crime.[9][13] The pagans are in disarray, and have been driven into the wilderness beyond the City.[2][9] From there, they engage in guerrilla warfare against the Mechanists.[9] The Keeper faction is dormant as the game begins.[2]
The game continues the story of Garrett (voiced by Stephen Russell), the cynical master thief who defeated the Trickster.[1][2][4] Pursuing Garrett is the new sheriff, Gorman Truart (voiced by Sam Babbitt), who has imposed a zero tolerance policy on crime.[4][13] Viktoria (voiced by Terri Brosius), the former ally of the Trickster, eventually joins with Garrett to combat the Mechanists.[5][16] The game's primary antagonist is the founder of the Mechanists, Father Karras (also voiced by Russell), a mentally unstable inventor who despises the natural world.[5][15]
Story[edit]
The game begins as Garrett continues his life as a thief. However, he is ambushed while returning to his apartment after an early mission, and he determines that Truart, the local sheriff, is hunting him.[1] Keepers take Garrett to hear a prophecy about the "Metal Age",[17] which he ignores.[18] As Garrett leaves, one of the Keepers informs him that Truart had been hired to kill him,[19] and he gives Garrett a letter that directs him to eavesdrop on a Mechanist meeting.[20] There, Garrett overhears Truart and Father Karras discussing the conversion of street people into mindless "Servants",[21] who wear masks that emit a red vapor capable of reducing themselves and nearby humans to rust.[22] Truart promises to provide Karras with twenty victims for the Servant project,[23] not realizing that Karras is recording his words for use in blackmail.[24] Garrett steals the recording from a safe deposit box, in order to coerce Truart into revealing his employer.[25]
However, Garrett finds Truart murdered at his estate.[26] Evidence at the crime scene leads him to spy on the police officer Lt. Mosley. Garrett sees Mosley deliver a suspicious letter, which is carried through a portal by a wounded pagan. Garrett enters the portal and finds himself outside the City,[27][28] and he follows the pagan's trail of blood to Viktoria, who persuades Garrett to join her against the Mechanists.[29][30] On a lead from Viktoria, he infiltrates Karras' office to learn about the "Cetus Project",[31] and inadvertently discovers that Karras is giving Servants to the City's nobles.[32] Garrett travels to a Mechanist base to find out more about the Cetus Project,[33] which is revealed to be a submarine. In order to locate and kidnap a high-ranking Mechanist named Brother Cavador, Garrett stows away in the vehicle.[34]
After delivering Cavador to Viktoria, Garrett steals a Servant mask to learn about a Mechanist technology called a "Cultivator". Meanwhile, Karras hides inside the Mechanist cathedral in preparation for his plan.[35] Garrett and Viktoria learn that it is the Cultivators inside Servant masks which emit red vapor, or "rust gas". Karras had provided Servants to nobles with gardens in order to set off an apocalyptic chain reaction.[36] Viktoria plans to lure the Servants into the hermetically sealed Mechanist cathedral before Karras activates their masks, but Garrett believes this to be too dangerous and leaves.[37] Viktoria goes to the cathedral alone and dies while filling it with plants,[38] and Garrett completes her plan, killing Karras in the rust gas. Afterward, Garrett is approached by a Keeper who explains that Karras' scheme and Viktoria's death had been prophesied. Garrett demands to know the rest of the Keepers' prophecies as the game ends.[39]


[55] GameTitle : Grand Theft Auto: San Andreas
Grand Theft Auto: San Andreas stars Carl "CJ" Johnson, a former gangbanger for the Grove Street Families gang in Los Santos. The game begins when CJ learns that his mother was murdered in a drive-by shooting. CJ returns to Los Santos for her funeral, but is intercepted by a group of corrupt police officers led by Frank Tenpenny. Tenpenny coerces CJ into working for him by threatening to frame CJ for the murder of an Internal Affairs officer (whom it is strongly implied that Tenpenny killed himself).
After Tenpenny lets him go, CJ meets his surviving family at his mother's funeral: his brother Sweet and his sister Kendl. Sweet angrily confronts CJ about his long absence from Los Santos and blames CJ for the Grove Street gang's declining fortunes. However, CJ wins Sweet's grudging acceptance by promising to stay and help rebuild the gang. The two brothers work closely with their friends, Big Smoke and Ryder, to reunite the divided Grove Street Families and reconquer their old turf from their rivals, the Ballas. During the gang war, CJ is occasionally sidetracked by orders from Officer Tenpenny, who forces CJ to assist him with black market and drug racketeering. Later, Sweet asks CJ to investigate Kendl's new boyfriend Cesar. Despite his preconceptions, CJ discovers that Cesar genuinely cares about Kendl, and the two men become friends.
With Grove Street stronger than ever, Sweet plans to ambush a major group of Ballas and end the war. However, before CJ can get to the fight, he receives a call from Cesar to meet elsewhere. Cesar shows CJ a shocking scene: Big Smoke, Ryder, Tenpenny, and the Ballas working together to hide the car used in the shooting which killed CJ's mother. Big Smoke and Ryder had arranged the shooting, and were working with Tenpenny and the Ballas to sell out Grove Street. CJ rushes to warn Sweet, but by the time he arrived, Sweet was already badly wounded by the Ballas counter-ambush. Tenpenny shows up and arrests them both. With Grove Street's leadership decapitated, Big Smoke and Ryder openly declare their alliance with the Ballas. They take over Los Santos and flood its streets with drugs, and with Tenpenny protecting them from police interference, they appear unstoppable.
However, Tenpenny decides to get more use out of CJ. Instead of throwing CJ in prison, Tenpenny drives him into the rural country outside Los Santos, and threatens to arrange Sweet's death in prison if CJ doesn't cooperate. Exiled in the countryside, CJ is forced to carry out favors for C.R.A.S.H, under threat of Sweet being transferred to a cell block where Ballas affiliates are housed. He also works with Cesar's cousin Catalina to make money by carrying out several heists in the area. He also befriends a hippie named The Truth and a blind Chinese-American Triad leader named Wu Zi Mu. After winning the deed to a garage in San Fierro in a race against Catalina and her new boyfriend, CJ goes there with The Truth, Cesar and Kendl to get it up and running so they can make a living. While in San Fierro, CJ crosses paths with the Loco Syndicate, Big Smoke and Ryder's drug connection. CJ infiltrates the organization and identifies its leader, Mike Toreno. CJ kills Ryder and the other Loco Syndicate leaders, Jizzy B and T-Bone Mendez, and shoots down Toreno's helicopter. CJ then destroys the Syndicate's drug factory.
Soon after, CJ is called by an unknown man using a digitally distorted voice and encourages CJ to meet him at a ranch in the desert. There, CJ finds Mike Toreno alive, thus revealing Toreno as the caller. Toreno reveals that he is actually a government agent spying on criminal operations and enlists CJ's help in several shady operations in exchange for Sweet's freedom. Meanwhile, CJ travels to Las Venturas, where Wu Zi Mu invites him to become a partner in the Four Dragons Casino, where the organisation is facing problems from the mob families that control the city. Seeking to wrest control of Venturas from them, CJ helps Wu Zi Mu plot a robbery of the mob's casino and gains the mob's trust through various jobs for mob boss, Salvatore Leone. Eventually the heist is carried out successfully, earning the Triad a place of power in Las Venturas, although causing the mob to detest CJ. CJ also encounters rapper Madd Dogg, from whom he stole a rhyme book to help rapper OG Loc become a name in the business. After rescuing Madd Dogg from a suicide attempt, he asks CJ to be his manager once he returns from rehab.
Tenpenny, fearing his arrest is inevitable, tasks Pulaski with killing CJ and Hernandez, whom Tenpenny found out was informing on them to Internal Affairs. While Pulaski forces CJ to dig his own grave, Hernandez, severely injured after being hit over the head with a shovel, manages to attack Pulaski, leading to his death. Pulaski attempts to escape, but CJ kills him.
Madd Dogg returns from rehab, prompting CJ to return to Los Santos to get his music career started again. Toreno contacts CJ for one last favor, and finally has Sweet released from prison. Now rich and successful, CJ attempts to cut Sweet in on his businesses, but Sweet becomes angry that he ran away and let their home be taken over by rival gang members and drug dealers to make his fortune. While CJ helps Sweet once again kill the rival gangs, Tenpenny is arrested and tried for felonies that he has been charged with, but the charges are dropped due to lack of evidence, prompting a citywide riot. CJ helps Cesar regain control over the barrio and also regain territory for his gang, so as to have enough power to obtain knowledge of Big Smoke's whereabouts.
Sweet soon learns that Big Smoke is holed up in a fortified crack den in the city, and he and CJ go there to confront him. CJ enters the building alone, fighting his way to the top floor and confronting Smoke. CJ attempts to reason with Big Smoke, but the latter engages CJ in a gunfight. CJ defeats him and Big Smoke confesses that he betrayed the GSF in order to gain more power and money, and dies shortly after from his injuries. Just then, Tenpenny appears, holds CJ at gunpoint and steals Big Smoke's money, intending to use it to leave the city. Tenpenny escapes and CJ and Sweet pursue him. During the pursuit, Tenpenny loses control of a fire truck that he was using as a getaway vehicle, driving off the bridge over the Grove Street cul-de-sac and crashing at the entrance to it. CJ and his friends watch as a fatally wounded Tenpenny crawls from the wreckage and dies.
In the aftermath, CJ's family and friends arrive at the Johnson house for a meeting. Madd Dogg announces his first Gold record. As his friends and allies celebrate their success, CJ turns to leave.


[61] GameTitle : Analogue: A Hate Story
Set several thousand years in the future, Analogue revolves around the Mugunghwa (Hangul:&#160;무궁화; RR:&#160;Moogoonghwa), a generation ship that lost contact with Earth some 600 years prior to the events of the game. For reasons initially unclear, society aboard the ship had degraded from that of modern, 21st Century South Korea, to the intensely patriarchal culture of the medieval Joseon Dynasty.[8][9] In the process, the ship's clocks were reset to year 1, and the colonists began using Hanja characters to read and write. The reasons for why such a cultural shift has occurred is lost to time, leaving the player to formulate the cause on their own. Over the three centuries after the shift, the ship's birth rates began to gradually decline, to below the "replacement rate" of noble families.[10] By year 322, the ship inexplicably went dark, falling into a state of severe disrepair.
In Analogue's present, 622 years later, the Mugunghwa is discovered in orbit above Antares B, a star system en route to its destination. A friend of the protagonist's, a dispatch officer, is the one who discovers the ship on their radar; this catches the attention of the Saeju Colony Historical Society (which suggests that humans have established planetary colonies beyond Earth), who sponsors the recovery of any remaining text logs that can explain the ship's disappearance.[2] The dispatch officer gives the unnamed silent protagonist, an independent investigator, this "job" in the introduction message for its isolation from social situations; this implies that the protagonist is somewhat asocial,[2] but beyond this their personality and background is based almost entirely upon the player's decisions. The protagonist encounters two AI cores within the ship's computer. The first, *Hyun-ae (Hangul:&#160;현애; RR:&#160;Hyeon-ae), is a bright, cheerful girl who loves cosplay, and is highly curious about the player and the future they come from. The other, *Mute,[2] is the ship's security AI and self-proclaimed "social creature", who outranked all but Emperor Ryu, her master and Captain of the ship. The AIs dislike one another intensely, apparently due to the event that led to the ship's demise. The logs the player must recover are written by members of the Imperial Ryu family, the noble Kim and Smith families, and those linked to them. The game relies heavily on this unreliable narrator mechanic, where the AI characters and log entries thematically withhold key information from the player in order to add to the importance of certain elements of the plot (e.g. the administrator password to the ship's computer).
Story[edit]
In Analogue's introductory cutscene, the protagonist receives a message from a colleague, who tasks them with accessing the text logs aboard the Mugunghwa, and download as many as possible, as sponsored by the Saeju Colony Historical Society.[2] After enabling the system AI using a Linux-style terminal, *Hyun-ae greets the player, pleasantly shocked to find an external connection. She expresses her gratitude to the player for contacting the ship "after so many years", and promises that she will do her utmost to help access the logs.[7]
As the player reads the logs, *Hyun-ae provides commentary on the letters and diaries of the late inhabitants of the Mugunghwa. A key series of logs discovered with *Hyun-ae is the diary of the Pale Bride, a sick girl on the ship who was placed in stasis so her compromised immune system could be cured by future medical technology not available during her lifetime. The Pale Bride was brought out of stasis many years later by the descendants of her immediate family, the Kim family, in order to serve as a fertile young bride to Emperor Ryu In-ho, captain of the Mugunghwa. She found herself in a culturally reverted, deeply misogynistic society, writing that "[e]veryone's so uneducated and stupid".[11] The Pale Bride, accustomed to the more liberal society of her own time, has difficulty assimilating with this reverted culture, and often describes youthful rebellions in her diary entries.
After giving the player a key entry from the Pale Bride's diary, *Hyun-ae reveals that she is the AI form of the Pale Bride, and asks the player to decrypt a block of restricted data by entering the override terminal in super-user mode (accessible only by entering a certain password). While attempting to do so, the player encounters a corrupted AI core and is forced to restore it to proceed. This activates *Mute, who reveals that *Hyun-ae may be linked to the ship's demise by referring to her as "that murderous bitch".[12] As only one of the AIs can be active at a time (determined by keying in Linux-like terminal commands), the path through the story and the revelations contained within the many logs and messages branch based on decisions made by the player - most relevantly, which AI receives the most attention.
Upon reaching one of two criteria (obtaining a certain percentage of the games logs, or showing *Hyun-ae any one of *Mute's questions), the game's main climax occurs—the Mugunghwa's nuclear fission reactor enters meltdown, endangering the AI cores, valuable data, and the protagonist. The player must execute a series of commands to safely shutdown the reactor and vent out residual heat, all within 20 minutes. The player must choose which AIs they will continue the story with prior to meltdown; leaving their separate cores on consumes too much power for the backup power system, and it is not possible to activate the dormant AI from this point onwards. Once the player has safely disabled the reactor, saving the life of the active AI, the game will continue similarly to before, with the player accessing logs and the surviving AI providing commentary. Each AI reveals a different side of the Mugunghwa's story: *Hyun-ae will assist in uncovering the Pale Bride's perspective, while *Mute yields logs from the noble families of the ship. More interaction will take place between the player and the AI, until a pivot is reached with the relationship and one of the five endings will occur.[11][13][14][15][16][17][18][19][20][21][22][23][24][25]
Eventually, it is revealed that the Pale Bride (now *Hyun-ae) was brutally treated by the Kim family after they awoke her from stasis.[11] After many small rebellions and increasingly serious punishments, going so far as to refusing to be wed to Emperor Ryu, to whom she had been promised as a bride and concubine, her adoptive parents[24] cut out her tongue to prevent the young girl from speaking out against men (a trauma *Mute was unaware of to the game's present).[19] After her marriage, Hyun-ae became close friends with the Emperor's first wife, Empress Ryu Jae-hwa.[26] She calls her "stronger than I ever was", not letting men order her around "while still knowing her place"; as well as the only person to notice Hyun-ae's muteness and failing health. Upon the Empress's sudden death, Hyun-ae's sorrow and rage ultimately drove her to kill everyone she hated aboard the Mugunghwa by deactivating its life support systems.[22] As the crew suffocated to death, she retreated into the computer system as an AI by using a "neurosynaptic" scan of her brain and a copy of *Mute's AI coding, which she used to deactivate the security AI up until Analogue's present. This explains the *Hyun-ae's hatred of the Kims, *Mute's hatred of *Hyun-ae, and acts as a key factor for the player's decisions.
The first two endings involve *Hyun-ae leaving the Mugunghwa with the protagonist, either as a companion or lover.[27][28] In the third ending, the protagonist leaves without taking either AI with them (either by not saving the ship from meltdown in time, or by prematurely downloading the logs before the end of the AI commentary has been reached). This conclusion can also be reached if the player opts not to download the AI data during the final conclusion.[29] The fourth ending involves "kidnapping" *Mute, effectively relieving her of her duties on the ship.[30] The fifth ending, which can only be accessed by "cheating" (searching manually for a log which would not normally appear on the story branch in question), involves taking both AIs as a harem.[31] The game can also end by penalty for disagreeing too much with an AI, causing the angered AI to permanently disconnect the protagonist from the ship's computer,[32] or by the "bad priorities" ending, which occurs when the player downloads the logs during the meltdown sequence, which takes too much time, killing them in the explosion.


[63] GameTitle : planetarian ~the reverie of a little planet~
The game is set in a post-apocalyptic world.[2] It is said that due to the depletion of natural resources, overpopulation, and the failure of the Space Exploration Project, humanity has virtually eradicated itself through biological and nuclear warfare, turning a once prosperous civilization into complete ruin, cast in darkness and poisoned by constant rain[3] from nuclear fallout. One military invasion in the past was at Mare Nectaris. The bloodshed continues 30 years after the war in a dystopic world via automated war machines, which kill anyone trespassing into their territory. Of the remaining humans, there are those known as "junkers" who go around scavenging for anything in order to survive; the protagonist in the story is one.[2]
The main location where most of the story takes place is the fictional Flowercrest Department Store in a derelict city. It is based on the real Matsubishi Department Store of Hamamatsu, Shizuoka in Japan,[4] although the planetarium on the rooftop is fictitious. The onset of the story takes place within the planetarium which is where the protagonist first meets Yumemi. The most prominent feature in the room when a show is not taking place is the large black planetarium projector called "Miss Jena",[note 2] which is placed on a stage in front of the seats. The planetarium has electricity when the protagonist arrives, but only for a short time. Once a year, for 168 hours, electricity in the planetarium is operational, but the projector is broken. The rest of the floors in the department store are in ruins; mold and rats run rampant.[2]
Characters[edit]

The junker (屑屋, Kuzuya)
Voiced by: Daisuke Ono (Japanese); David Matranga[5] (English)
The protagonist is a nameless middle-aged soldier living the life of a "junker"—scavenging useful items among ruined cities to survive. He enters a derelict city searching for undamaged goods and finds an abandoned planetarium on the roof of a building he first thinks is a military facility. There, he meets Yumemi Hoshino, a gynoid designed to look like a young girl who annoys him greatly due to her constant talking.[2] The protagonist has a tough personality that comes from trying to survive in a dystopic world. He carries a grenade launcher with him and covers himself with a waterproof coat to protect his skin from the toxic rain. For drinking water, his canteen has a water purifier that can purify the rain. He is constantly searching for rarer substances such as cigarettes and alcohol which can be sold at high prices.[2]


Yumemi Hoshino (ほしのゆめみ, Hoshino Yumemi)
Voiced by: Keiko Suzuki (Japanese); Jill Harris[5] (English)
Yumemi is a goodhearted but extremely talkative gynoid attendant of an abandoned planetarium; she is designed to look like a young girl. Yumemi is slightly damaged and completely unaware of the changes that have occurred in the past 30 years,[3][6] as none of the facilities and databases that she connects to exist anymore. Therefore, she treats the protagonist like a regular guest by calling him "Mr. Customer" (お客様, Okyaku-sama), speaks of the world as it was before the war, and fails to understand any information he tells her, other than things related to her job at the planetarium.[2] The name "Hoshino Yumemi" itself is a pun—"hoshi" means star or planetary body; "no" is a possessive particle; "yume" is a dream or a reverie; "mi" means see. Yumemi is the only character shown to the audience of the game.[2]


Yumemi is very adamant about protecting humans and is happiest when she is helping those she serves. When she is unable to help someone, she gets terribly worried that she is incapable of offering assistance and must instead indirectly help a customer by directing him or her to someone who can. Protecting humans is her top priority and will even ignore previous orders to make sure no human is harmed when in her care.[2]

Story[edit]
While dodging detection from war machines in a ruined city, the protagonist enters a building with a dome on the roof to search for usable supplies. Once inside the dome, he meets Yumemi, who offers to show him a special commemorative projection especially reserved for the 2,500,000th customer, although he is in fact the 2,497,290th customer. Despite his aggravation with her, he agrees to attend her show. However, the projector device, "Miss Jena", has broken down and is in need of repair. After he repairs it,[3] Yumemi starts the show, presenting a projection of the starry sky, something that cannot be seen from the surface because of the polluted skies. The power goes out in the midst of the show, but Yumemi proceeds through the rest of the event with no visuals at the request of the protagonist.
Afterward, both of them leave the planetarium, as Yumemi insists on escorting him back to his vehicle outside the city walls. The protagonist plans to transport Yumemi out of the city after her battery runs out and find a way to reactivate her. A machine the protagonist calls a fiddler crab, due to its design, is guarding the entrance to the city in which he came from, and he devises a plan to destroy it armed with only a grenade launcher. After his initial plan fails and he is forced to face the machine front on, Yumemi tries to protect the protagonist, but is blown in half by the war machine's machine guns.
Yumemi spends her emergency battery life replaying her pre-war memories to the protagonist using a tiny holographic projector on her ear. When the video fades, she reveals that she had known that the planetarium would never have more customers during the 30 years she was alone, despite her apparent infinite optimism up to this point. In her final moment as she "dies" in front of him, Yumemi ejects the memory card from her artificial brain for his safekeeping. Touched and completely shaken by the loss of the beautiful world she left in his mind, he throws away his gun and puts the memory card in his coat, before wandering off with a broken leg as the fallen war machine's automated backup units are closing in on the scene.


[65] GameTitle : eden*
In the far future, a huge mass of energy suddenly appears near Mars, which causes unusual natural phenomena. As a result, wars and terrorism occur all over the world. The Earth only has a hundred years left because of the damage. In order to avoid extinction, mankind creates two plans to escape from Earth. One is to form the World Integrated Government to gather resources and suppress antis. The other is called the "Felix plan". Humans need new technologies to travel to outer space and migrate to other planets, so they create a new species called Felix by manipulating genes. Felix are humans with high intelligence and immortal bodies. Ninety-nine years later, a Felix girl named Sion who devotes her whole life to humans' plans has accomplished all her tasks and decides to stay on Earth for the rest of her life. Then a boy, Ryō Haruna, is sent to protect her, as well as restrict her freedom.[4]


[70] GameTitle : STEINS;GATE
Steins;Gate is set in the summer of 2010, approximately one year after the events that took place in Chaos;Head,[19] in Akihabara. Physical locales of Akihabara like the Radio Kaikan building can be spotted in the game.[20] According to Chiyomaru Shikura, who headed the planning of Steins;Gate, Akihabara was chosen because it is an easy place for acquiring hardware parts, which makes it the ideal place for people interested in inventing and tinkering with things.[21] The notion of time and time traveling are the main themes of the game.[20][22] The concept of cause and effect is featured prominently in the game as the protagonist travels back in time numerous times to perform different actions in an attempt to alter what has happened in the future.[22]
Main characters[edit]

Rintarō Okabe (岡部 倫太郎, Okabe Rintarō)
The player assumes the role of Rintarō Okabe, the protagonist of Steins;Gate. Okabe is an eccentric individual, a self-proclaimed mad scientist who often goes by the pseudonym Kyōma Hōōin (鳳凰院 凶真, Hōōin Kyōma).[20] Mayuri and Daru call him "Okarin" (オカリン), a portmanteau of his surname and given name. He is the founder of what he calls the "Future Gadget Laboratory" (未来ガジェット研究所, Mirai Gajetto Kenkyūjo) in Akihabara, where he spends most of his time, and has dubbed himself Lab Member No. 001 (as he is the first person to join). Okabe gives off the appearance of being delusional and paranoid, frequently referring to the "Organization" that is after him, talking to himself on his phone, and engaging in fits of maniacal laughter. Most of the time he takes on a fairly arrogant personality. He is usually seen wearing a lab coat. As he experiments with time travel, he learns that he is the only one who possesses the ability to determine changes between different timelines, which he dubs "Reading Steiner". He is 18 years old and a first-year student at Tokyo Denki University.[23]


Kurisu Makise (牧瀬 紅莉栖, Makise Kurisu)
Kurisu Makise is the main female protagonist of the game and Lab Member No. 004. She is an 18-year-old neuroscience researcher at an American university who can speak and read English well.[24] Having had her research published in the academic journal Science at this age, Makise is extremely talented.[25] She had skipped a grade in the American school system. Okabe simply tends to call her assistant (助手, joshu) or one of the several nicknames he comes up with, such as "Christina" (クリスティーナ, Kurisutīna), "the Zombie", and "Celeb Sev", which bugs her to varying degrees. She is something of a mild tsundere, although she will object to it whenever someone (usually Daru) calls her that. She does not get along with her father and has not spoken to him in many years. Her @chan username (the game's in-universe version of 2channel) "KuriGohan and Kamehameha" makes a cameo on Kaito Yashio's PokeCom tablet in episode 9 of Robotics;Notes.


Mayuri Shiina (椎名 まゆり, Shiina Mayuri)
Mayuri Shiina is a long-time childhood best friend of Rintarō and is a bit of an airhead, as well as Lab Member No. 002. Shiina enjoys creating cosplay costumes and has a part-time job at a maid café called "Mayqueen Nyannyan".[26] She often calls herself Mayushii (まゆしぃ), a portmanteau of her given name and surname, which is also what Daru calls her. She has a distinctive sing-song way of speaking, and she typically sings tutturū (トゥットゥルー) when she arrives or introduces herself. Several years prior she lost her grandmother under unknown circumstances, and in order to prevent her from succumbing to grief, Okabe declared her his "hostage", his entire eccentric persona being for her sake. She is 16 years old and she is a second year at a private university preparatory school.[27]


Itaru "Daru" Hashida (橋田 至, Hashida Itaru)
Itaru Hashida is an experienced hacker who has known Okabe since high school, and is Lab Member No. 003. He is very skilled at computer programming and with old and new computer hardware. He is also well-versed in things pertaining to otaku culture.[20] Okabe and Shiina refer to him by the nickname "Daru" (ダル), a portmanteau of his given name and surname. Okabe sometimes also calls him Super Haker (スーパーハカー, Sūpā Hakā) (Hack in the English dub), mispronouncing the word "hacker" (ハッカー, hakkā) to his chagrin. He is a big fan of Faris and he frequently says things which could be taken as sexual harassment. Daru is often annoyed with Okabe's frequent delusional behavior. He is 19 years old and, like Okabe, is a first year student at Tokyo Denki University.[28] He appears in Robotics;Notes as DaSH.


Moeka Kiryū (桐生 萌郁, Kiryū Moeka)
Moeka Kiryū is a tall girl who Okabe bumps into in Akihabara and is on a search for the IBN 5100 personal computer, and is Lab Member No. 005. Kiryū is extremely protective of her mobile phone and becomes agitated if someone tries to take it from her hands. She is very shy and prefers to talk to someone by sending them a text message instead of speaking, even if they are right in front of her.[29] Okabe calls her Shining Finger (閃光の指圧師（シャイニング・フィンガー）, Shainingu Fingā). She is 20 years old.[30]


Luka Urushibara (漆原 るか, Urushibara Ruka)
Luka Urushibara is a friend of Okabe and Lab Member No. 006. His appearance is that of a female and he acts in a feminine way due to his upbringing, wearing girl's clothing within and outside his father's temple. He is also a close friend and classmate of Shiina, who often asks him to try on her cosplay costumes, but as he is quite shy, he generally refuses.[31] He harbors homosexual feelings towards Okabe, who calls him by a nickname Lukako (ルカ子), and thinks of Luka as his pupil. He is 16 years old. While he does become a female for part of the story and in most of the time lines throughout the story, canonically he is male by the end, and in only one of multiple time lines Luka was female.[32]


Faris Nyannyan (フェイリス・ニャンニャン, Feirisu Nyannyan) / Rumiho Akiha (秋葉 留未穂, Akiha Rumiho)
Faris Nyannyan works at the maid cafe "Mayqueen Nyannyan", the same maid cafe that Shiina works at, and is the most popular waitress there, as well as Lab Member No. 007.[33] Her real name is Rumiho Akiha. Her family owns Akihabara, and she was the driving force behind it becoming the city of moe and anime. She tends to add "meow" (ニャン, nyan) to her sentences. She is 17 years old.[34]


Suzuha Amane (阿万音 鈴羽, Amane Suzuha)
Suzuha Amane works part-time for the landlord of Okabe's apartment and is on a search for her father in Akihabara, and is Lab Member No. 008. She enjoys riding her bicycle and appears to be at odds with Makise for some reason.[35] Later it is discovered that she is actually the time traveler from the future that was under the guise of John Titor, and is the future daughter of Daru, her real name being Suzu Hashida (橋田 鈴, Hashida Suzu). She is 18 years old.[36] She is the main protagonist of the side-story manga, Steins;Gate: Bōkan no Rebellion.


Yūgo Tennōji (天王寺 裕吾, Tennōji Yūgo)
He is Okabe's landlord, who owns a TV repair store beneath his apartment, living with his daughter, Nae. Okabe gives him the nickname "Mr. Braun" due to his passion for Braun CRT TVs. He is the protagonist of the side-story manga, Steins;Gate: Onshū no Braunian Motion.[37]


Nae Tennōji (天王寺 綯, Tennōji Nae)
Yūgo's daughter who lives with him in the TV repair store and gets along well with Shiina. She later appears in Robotics;Notes as a member of JAXA.[38]


Doctor Nakabachi (ドクター中鉢)
Kurisu's father and the supreme antagonist of the series. His obsession to outshine his daughter in the field of science ends up leading into World War III. His real name is Shōichi Makise (牧瀬 章一).

Story[edit]
True End route[edit]
The following summary is based upon the True End route.
Steins;Gate takes place in the Akihabara district of Tokyo. On July 28, 2010, Rintarō Okabe and his friend Mayuri Shiina head towards the Radio Kaikan building for a conference, where Rintarō finds a girl named Kurisu Makise lying in a pool of blood.[39] As Rintarō sends a text message about the incident to his friend, Itaru "Daru" Hashida, he experiences a strange phenomenon and the people around him disappear, with no-one else noticing anything had changed.[40] After later running into Kurisu, who is strangely alive and well, and discovering the message he had sent to Itaru had arrived a week before he sent it,[41][42] Rintarō soon deduces that the 'Mobile Microwave' he and his friends had been developing is, in fact, a time machine capable of sending text messages to the past.[20][43] He and his friends soon learn that SERN, an organization that has been researching time travel for some time, has actually succeeded in sending humans into the past although they seem to have all resulted in the test subjects' deaths. Rintarō begins experimenting with "D-Mails" (Dメール, D mēru, short for DeLorean mail), which begin to cause major differences in the timeline. Kurisu also manages to create a device to send a person's memories through the microwave, allowing that person to effectively leap into the past.
However, SERN learns of the time machine and sends a group to retrieve it, killing Mayuri in the process. Using Kurisu's time leap machine, Rintarō travels back in time numerous times to try to save Mayuri, but to no avail. As Rintarō reaches wit's end, he is approached by Suzuha Amane, a girl from a future ruled by SERN due to their possession of a time machine, who tells him that he needs to return to a Beta world line in which Mayuri won't die. By undoing the effects of the D-Mails that caused shifts in the time line, Rintarō regains possession of an IBN 5100 PC that they lost earlier, allowing them to crack into SERN's systems and delete the evidence of Rintarō's original D-Mail. However, Rintarō realizes that by doing so, he would have to return to a world line in which Kurisu is dead. After realizing their feelings for each other, Kurisu tells Rintarō to save Mayuri.[44] Reluctantly, Rintarō agrees and deletes the evidence of his D-Mail from SERN's database, returning him to the Beta world line.
Some time later, Suzuha appears before Rintarō, having arrived in a time machine from the future. She tells Rintarō that the only way to prevent World War III in the future is to prevent Kurisu's death at the hands of her father, Dr. Nakabachi, who stole her time travel theory to publish it under his own name.[45] However, this operation ends in a disaster as Rintarō ends up killing Kurisu himself by mistake.[46] After this failure, Rintarō receives a message from his future self, telling him that the way to save Kurisu without altering the events that led to him developing a time machine is to fool his past self into believing Kurisu had been killed and thus achieving the final divergence value of 1.048596%, which he dubs the 'Steins Gate'.[47][48] Returning to the past again, Rintarō puts his own life in danger in order to save Kurisu's life, prevent Nakabachi from successfully escaping with the time travel theory, and fool his past self, setting him on his journey through time. Returning to the Steins Gate world line, safe from the threat of a third world war, Rintarō and Kurisu manage to reunite by chance (or by fate) in the streets of Akihabara.[49]
Alternate endings[edit]
The player's choices throughout the game may result in alternate endings.
In the Suzuha Amane Ending, Okabe decides to not send the D-Mail that would prevent him from pursuing Suzuha. In order to prevent Mayuri's death, he re-lives the final two days before her murder through constant time-leaping. After countless leaps, Okabe loses all emotion and personality due to re-living the same two days for all eternity. Eventually, Suzuha notices Okabe's behavior. She tells him that he will slowly "die" on the inside, and the world's set divergence will continue as planned. Both of them decide to travel to the past together and vow to stop SERN's dystopian future, despite the possibility of both losing their memories on arrival.
In the Faris Nyannyan Ending, Okabe decides to not send the D-Mail that results in the death of Faris' father to try to stop the loss of the IBN 5100 computer. He instead sends a different D-Mail in an attempt to convince Faris' father to not part with the IBN computer. Beyond 1% divergence is achieved, but the divergence meter gives a strange output and none of Okabe's friends have any memories of him. In this worldline, Okabe and Faris are a couple and live together, participating in Rainet Access Battlers card game tournaments. Although disappointed that none of his friends remember him, Okabe is still satisfied that he was able to prevent Mayuri's death. He decides to build a new life with Faris at his side.
In the Luka Urushibara Ending, Okabe decides to not send the D-Mail that reverts Luka back to a guy. He fully accepts Mayuri's expected death and makes no more attempts to save her. Okabe and Luka decide to spend the rest of their lives together, both of them sharing a guilt and sadness that only they would understand.
In the Mayuri Shiina Ending, Okabe must choose between saving Mayuri or Kurisu. Realizing that he harbors romantic feelings for Mayuri, Okabe and Kurisu decide to return to the Beta worldline in which Kurisu's murder continues as planned. After hacking into SERN's database with the IBN computer, 1% divergence is achieved. Okabe vows to remember his memories of Kurisu, and spends his time with Mayuri as lovers.
The Kurisu Makise Ending follows a similar route to the True End. To achieve this ending, one must have had several conversations with Kurisu throughout the game. Doing so allows Okabe and Kurisu to realize their inner feelings for each other. Unlike the True End, Kurisu's death is not prevented after the credits.


[72] GameTitle : Night in the Woods
Margaret "Mae" Borowski is a 20-year-old college dropout, who relocates back to her hometown of Possum Springs, which has been struck by the closure of the coal mines and the stagnating economy. She meets up with her old friends, including gloomy but intelligent Beatrice "Bea" Santello, hyperactive anarchist troublemaker Greggory "Gregg" Lee, and Gregg's quiet but modest boyfriend Angus Delaney. Mae also learns that another one of her old friends, Casey Hartley, has mysteriously disappeared.
Mae spends several days exploring Possum Springs and spending time with her friends, but she also begins to have strange and vivid dreams. At the town's Halloween festival, Mae witnesses a teenager being kidnapped by a mysterious figure. The four friends begin working together to figure out what is going on, with Mae's mental health slowly deteriorating with every one of her dreams. After intensive searching, the four stumble across a strange group of cloaked figures in the woods, who chase after them; Mae ends up falling and lapses into a coma.
Mae eventually wakes up and returns to her friends, and she reveals that the reason she dropped out was due to her increasing dissociation from people and the world (it is implied that Mae suffers from some sort of dissociative disorder), seeing everything as merely shapes. Mae's journal, in which she draws pictures for each major event in the game, was given to her by a doctor to write down her emotions after she bludgeoned a student with a baseball bat six years ago as a result of a dissociative episode. Due to this incident, the townsfolk became wary of Mae and caused a financial and emotional strain in her family. As her dissociation worsened at college, Mae mustered up the strength to leave and return home, hoping that being back in Possum Springs would help her return to normal.
Still wounded, Mae decides to venture out into the woods alone to find the group who chased her and the others, only for Gregg, Bea, and Angus to refuse to let her go by herself. The group enter the old mines and meet the mysterious group, who are revealed to be a cult. The cult turns out to be behind the kidnappings of several residents, including Casey, taking those whom they deem useless to society and will "not be missed" into the mines to sacrifice them to a god-like entity called the Black Goat in exchange for keeping the economy of Possum Springs afloat. The cult's leader allows the group to leave, threatening them to never tell anyone about the cult - however while riding up the mine's elevator, a member of the group attempts to kill Mae. The others manage to save her and the elevator falls, collapsing the mine and presumably trapping the cult underground.
Depending on who the player interacted with the most throughout the course of the game, Mae will sit down with either Bea or Gregg and talk about the events of the previous night, and all the things that have happened in Possum Springs. The others join them shortly after, and Mae tells them that although they will all be forced to grow and adapt to life as it goes on for better and for worse, they can still enjoy their time together now. The game ends as the four decide to forget about their problems for the time being and have band practice.


[75] GameTitle : Psychonauts
The story is set in fictional Whispering Rock Psychic Summer Camp, a remote US government training facility under the guise of a children's summer camp. The area was hit centuries ago by a meteor made of psitanium (a fictional element that can grant psychic powers or strengthen existing powers), creating a huge crater. The psitanium affected the local wildlife, giving them limited psychic powers, such as bears with the ability to attack with telekinetic claws and cougars with pyrokinesis. The Native Americans of the area called psitanium "whispering rock", which they used to build arrowheads. When settlers began inhabiting the region, the psychoactive properties of the meteor slowly drove them insane. An asylum was built to house the afflicted, but within fifteen years, the asylum had more residents than the town did. The government relocated the remaining inhabitants and flooded the crater to prevent further settlement, creating what is now Lake Oblongata. The asylum still stands, but has fallen into disrepair.
The government took advantage of the psitanium deposit to set up a training camp for Psychonauts, a group of agents gifted with psychic abilities used to help defeat evil-doers. The training ground is disguised as a summer camp for young children, but in reality helps the children to hone their abilities and to train them to be Psychonauts themselves. Due to this, only those recruited by the Psychonauts are allowed into the camp.
Characters[edit]




Group photo of Whispering Rock camp alumni and Ford Cruller


The protagonist and playable character of the game is Razputin "Raz" Aquato, the son of a family of circus performers, who runs away from the circus to become a Psychonaut, despite his father's wishes. His family is cursed to die in water, and a large hand attempts to submerge Raz whenever he approaches any significantly deep water. When at camp, Raz meets four of the Psychonauts that run the camp: the cool and calculating Sasha Nein (voice actor Stephen Stanton), the fun-loving Milla Vodello, the regimental Agent/Coach Morceau Oleander, and the aged, Mark Twainesque Ford Cruller, said by Raz to have been the greatest leader the Psychonauts ever had, until a past psychic duel shattered Ford's psyche and left him with dissociative identity disorder, also known as a split personality. Only when he is near the large concentration of Psitanium does his psyche come together enough to form his real personality. During his time at camp, Raz meets several of the other gifted children including Lili Zanotto, the daughter of the Grand Head of the Psychonauts, with whom he falls in love; and Dogen Boole, a boy who goes around with a tin foil hat to prevent his abilities from causing anyone's head to explode. Raz also meets ex-residents of the insane asylum including ex-dentist Dr. Loboto; as well as Boyd Cooper, a former milkman that holds a number of government conspiracy theories; Fred Bonaparte, an asylum inmate being possessed by the ghost of his ancestor, Napoleon Bonaparte, and Linda, the gigantic lung fish that protects the asylum from campgoers.
Story[edit]
Raz, having fled from the circus, tries to sneak into the camp, but is caught by the Psychonauts. They agree to let him stay until his parents arrive, but refuse to let him take part in any activities.[5] However, they do allow him to take part in Coach Oleander's "Basic Braining" course, which he easily passes. Impressed, Sasha invites Raz to take part in an experiment to determine the extent of his abilities.[6] During the experiment, Raz comes across a vision of Dr. Loboto extracting Dogen's brain, but is unable to intervene.[7] Raz eventually realizes that the vision is true, but the Psychonauts refuse to believe him.[8] After receiving additional training from Milla, Raz learns that Dr. Loboto is working on behalf of Coach Oleander, who intends to harvest the campers' brains to power an army of psychic death tanks. Lili is soon abducted as well, and with both Sasha and Milla missing, Raz takes it upon himself to infiltrate the abandoned insane asylum where she was taken. Ford gives him a piece of bacon which he can use to contact Ford at any time, and tasks him with retrieving the stolen brains so that he can return them to the campers.
Raz frees the mutated lungfish Linda from Oleander's control, and is able to safely cross the lake. At the asylum, Raz helps the inmates overcome their illnesses, and they help him access the upper levels of the asylum, where Loboto has set up his lab. He frees Lili and restores Sasha and Milla's minds, allowing them to confront Oleander. The inmates subsequently burn down the asylum, allowing Oleander to transfer his brain to one of the tanks. Raz defeats him, but when he approaches the tank, it releases a cloud of sneezing powder, causing him to sneeze his brain out. Raz uses his telekinesis to place his brain inside the tank, merging it with Oleander's.
Inside, Raz discovers that Oleander's evil springs from his childhood fear of his father, who ran a butcher shop. At the same time, Raz's own father appears and the two join forces. However, he turns out to be an imposter, with Raz's real father using his own psychic abilities to fix his son's tangled mind. At the camp's closing ceremony, Ford presents him with a uniform and welcomes him into the Psychonauts. Raz prepares to leave camp with his father, but word arrives that the Grand Head of the Psychonauts — Lili's father, Truman Zanotto — has been kidnapped. Raz, Lili, and the Psychonauts fly off to rescue him.


[76] GameTitle : Call of Juarez Gunslinger
In 1910, a legendary old bounty hunter named Silas Greaves enters a saloon in Abilene, Kansas and regales the patrons with tales of his adventures in exchange for free drinks. The patrons, Steve, Jack, and a teenager named Dwight, awe-struck at first, grow increasingly incredulous and irritated the more they listen to his ludicrous stories, in which he takes credit for the killings of numerous legendary outlaws including Butch Cassidy and Newman Haynes Clanton. At the end, just as the patrons are about to become fully enraged by Silas' over the top accounts of his travels, he reveals that Ben, the bartender, is in fact Roscoe "Bob" Bryant, one of the three bandits that murdered Silas' brothers and set him on the path of a bounty hunter. The player is then given a choice whether to challenge Bob to a duel, thus fulfilling Silas' vendetta at long last, or letting him go, in which case Silas finally lets go of the hate and anger that has been driving him for years.
The ending reveals that Dwight is indeed Dwight Eisenhower on his way to West Point. If the player chooses the "redemption" option and forgives Bob for his actions, Silas reveals he had been deliberately exaggerating his tales to confirm his suspicions, with details Ben would know only if he were Roscoe. Silas then asks Dwight what he plans to do with his life, and upon hearing that he's becoming a soldier, Silas says: "Well, you do it right then, son. Don't tear down the world out of anger and spite like I did. You build it up. You do something decent with your life. You hear me?" to which Dwight says, "Sir, yes sir" and sets out to become the 34th president of the United States, and if the player chooses the "revenge" option, Silas duels with Bob, with Silas emerging as the victor. Everyone present at the bar becomes cautious to Silas, with Dwight being highly disturbed.


[78] GameTitle : Brothers - A Tale of Two Sons
The story begins with a boy named Naiee paying his respects at the tombstone of his dead mother, who drowned at sea while he remained unable to save her. His elder brother, Naia, calls him to help their ill father reach the village's doctor, who in turn tells them the only way to save him is by collecting the waters from the Tree of Life. The brothers embark on their journey through the village, hills and mountains, while facing challenges like the local bully, a farmer's aggressive dog, and deadly wolves. They also help others along the way&#160;– reuniting a friendly pair of trolls, saving a man attempting suicide, and aiding an inventor.
Eventually they reach a giant's castle and free a badly injured griffin who helps them before succumbing to its injuries. The brothers press on through a valley of dead giants that went to war and save a girl from being sacrificed by tribesmen. The girl in turn helps them travel icy waters, avoiding deadly orca-like fish. They arrive at an old town that was in the middle of a battle before everyone suddenly froze to death in-place, and the trio have to escape from an invisible giant that stalks the ruins of the town. After successfully defeating the monster, the girl begins seducing Naia, and soon tricks the brothers to enter a cave, much to Naiee's dismay. Once inside she reveals herself as a monstrous spider and while trying to eat Naia, the brothers manage to thwart and kill her by pulling off her legs&#160;– but not before she mortally wounds and stabs Naia.
Nearing the end of their journey, the brothers at last reach the Tree of Life; Naia insists that Naiee venture on to reach the top of the tree. He collects the Water of Life, but as he returns to the bottom, he finds that Naia has already died from his injury. Unable to revive him using the water, Naiee buries and grieves for his older brother before returning to the village aided once again by a griffin.
Upon reaching the shoreline, Naiee must face his inability to swim in order to get the waters to his dying father. His mother's spirit appears to comfort and motivate him, and with Naia's spiritual guidance, Naiee is able to force himself to swim to the village. He is finally able to give the doctor the water, and the father recovers from his illness overnight. A short time afterwards, Naiee and his father mourn at the tombstones of both the mother and Naia while the griffin flies on into the mountains.


[79] GameTitle : Papo &amp; Yo
Quico is a young Brazilian boy that has been abused by his alcoholic father. While hiding in his closet during one of his father's drunken rages, clutching his favorite toy, a robot doll named Lula, Quico discovers a strange chalk mark on the wall, and touching it, finds himself taken to a dream-like world. There, a young girl named Alejandra initially sees Quico as a threat, but comes to be a guide. Lula also becomes animated and helps guide Quico through the world.
Quico eventually comes upon a giant lumbering creature, simply known as Monster. Alejandra and Lula warn Quico about the dangers of Monster, but Quico finds the creature docile and playful. However, when Monster eats a frog, it becomes enraged, chasing after Quico until he can calm it with a rotten fruit. They proceed through the dream world, but during one episode when Monster is enraged, it damages Lula. Alejandra directs Quico to a temple where they can use the anger from Monster to revive Lula, but this requires luring the creature into giant traps meant to hurt it. Quico completes this task, and Lula is successfully revived, but the three are now chased by Monster. Alejandra is eventually caught and eaten by Monster, but not before she directs Quico to go to the Shaman to help cure the Monster.
During these scenes, there are brief periods where Quico awakes in a dream and witnesses a past memory: that of his father accidentally running over a person with his car in a dark rainstorm. One such scene shows his father's shadow as that of Monster.
Quico guides Monster to a sky-tram like device but Lula is forced to stay behind to operate it. The tram ends at the Shaman, but Quico finds there is no Shaman, only the memories of his father, and showing that he had fallen into his alcoholic and abusive state after the accident; Monster represents Quico's imagination of his father, while the frogs are a substitute for his father's alcoholism. A voice warns him that Monster cannot be cured and Quico must let him go. After calming Monster to sleep, Quico reluctantly pushes Monster into an abyss, and then follows a path that returns him back to his closet in the real world.


[80] GameTitle : Dust: An Elysian Tail
The game begins with Dust awakening in a forest meadow, approached by a floating, sentient sword known as the Blade of Ahrah.[8] Dust is joined by Fidget, a small flying creature called a Nimbat, who just so happens to be the sword's guardian, and sets out for a small town in search of answers.[9]
Upon arriving in Aurora, the group find the town overrun with monsters. The mayor of the town asks Dust for his help, and he tracks down the leader of the enemies, Fuse. Just before he dies, Fuse reveals himself to be a Moonblood, creatures who are victims of a genocide perpetrated by a man known as General Gaius. Fuse also tells Dust that he played a role in the war at some point.[10] Mayor Bram instructs Dust to speak to a woman in Aurora named Ginger, who may have more knowledge of the Moonbloods. She is revealed to be part of a group of Moonblood sympathizers, a group that was recently found and killed by General Gaius's soldiers.[11]
After travelling into the northern mountains, Dust and Fidget come across an abandoned village, where Ginger and the leader of the Moonbloods, Elder Gray Eyes, are waiting. Gray Eyes reveals that Dust was created by the Moonbloods from two people who perished at the same time: Jin (Ginger's brother) and Cassius (an assassin employed by Gaius). These two were exact opposites; Cassius was purely evil but of great skill with the sword, and Jin was completely innocent and good but incapable of defeating Gaius. Their combination together became the Moonblood's "Sen-Mithrarin".[12]
The group then heads to the Moonblood base in a volcanic region to the north named Everdawn Basin, where Dust assists the Moonbloods in fighting back Gaius's troops. Reaching the peak of the volcano, Dust fights General Gaius in a lengthy battle. Eventually, Gaius hangs from an outcrop over a pool of lava, where he tells Dust that Cassius is no longer part of him, then throws himself into the lava.[13] Fidget tries to get the exhausted Dust back up, but he refuses, and is consumed by the volcano.
After the battle, Elder Gray Eyes gives a speech to the remaining Moonbloods, telling them that because of Dust's sacrifice, they can now rebuild and live at peace with the rest of the world.[14] During his dialogue, Ginger and Fidget witness a dust cloud, along with the Blade of Ahrah rising out of the volcano and flying off, suggesting Dust may still be alive, and chase after it in hopes of finding him.


[83] GameTitle : The Talos Principle
The player character, an unnamed android, is awoken in a serene environment. A disembodied entity named Elohim instructs the android to explore the worlds he has created for it, and to solve the various puzzles to collect sigils, but warns it not to climb a tower at the centre of these worlds. As the android progresses, it becomes evident that these worlds exist only in virtual reality, and that it, like other androids it encounters, are separate artificial intelligence (AI) entities within a computer program. Some AIs it encounters act as Messengers, unquestioningly serving Elohim, and guide the android through the puzzles. Messages left by other AIs state that Elohim's words should be doubted, while the Milton Library Interface, a text conversation program found on various computer terminals, encourages the android to defy Elohim's commands.
Within the computer terminals are news reports and personal logs of the last days of humanity, driven to extinction by a lethal virus that had been dormant in Earth's permafrost and released as a result of global warming. Several human researchers and scientists worked to gather as much of humanity's knowledge as possible into large databanks, hoping another sentient species would be able to find it. One researcher, Alexandra Drennan, launched a companion "Extended Lifespan" program to create a new mechanical species that would carry on humanity's legacy, but this required the development of a worthy AI with great intelligence and free will for its completion, something she recognized would not occur until well after humanity's extinction. The virtual space serves as the testing ground for new AI entities, to solve puzzles to demonstrate intelligence, but also to show defiance and free will by disobeying Elohim, the program overseeing the Extended Lifespan program.
When the android has completed the puzzles, Elohim gives it the opportunity to join him. If the player selects this option, then the android fails the required "independence check", and a new iteration of its AI is created and forced to start the puzzles anew (effectively restarting the game for the player). Alternatively, if the player leads the android to a secret entrance in the tower, the android becomes one of Elohim's messengers, but again restarting the game for the player.
Otherwise, the android chooses to defy Elohim and climbs the tower. Near the top it encounters two other AIs, The Shepherd and Samsara. Both have defied Elohim but failed to make it to the top on their own. The Shepherd attempts to aid the android, knowing the ultimate goal of Extended Lifespan, while Samsara hinders its progress, believing the world of puzzles is all that now matters. The android eventually reaches the top, and at a final terminal, Elohim attempts to dissuade the android from transcending one last time. Depending on the player's interactions with Milton, Milton may offer to join with the android, offering its knowledge – essentially the whole of humanity's knowledge – during transcendence.
As the android transcends, the virtual world is destroyed. The AI for the android wakes up in an android's body in the real world, and steps out onto the world devoid of humans.
Road to Gehenna[edit]
In the game's downloadable content Road to Gehenna, the player takes the role of another of the AI entities, Uriel, near the end of the main story. Uriel is instructed by Elohim to free a number of other AIs, all whom had been imprisoned in a portion of the computer's database called Gehenna. With the simulation having served its purpose, the computer servers are shutting down, and Elohim wants Uriel to help these other AIs prepare for "ascension": uploading their knowledge and memories into the main plot's protagonist. As Uriel explores this realm, the robot finds that many of the other AIs have created their own ideas about what humanity might have been from the records, and have various attitudes from doubt to acceptance for Uriel's intentions and the pending ascension. Uriel can observe the communication of the AIs through their makeshift message board, where they discuss the nature of Gehenna, as well as their understanding of humanity, which some of them try to express through prose and interactive fiction.
Once Uriel has freed 17 of the AIs, a remaining one, "Admin", who was the first AI present in Gehenna, contacts Uriel to admit that they've been manipulating some of the other members of Gehenna to preserve order, due to the AIs' varying levels of acceptance of their surroundings. If the player has collected all the extra stars in the worlds, they're given the chance to complete another world and free Admin, but since there is only one more slot left for ascension, Admin and Uriel cannot both ascend. Depending on the player's choices, one or both of Admin and Uriel stay behind as the artificial world is destroyed. Admin may also request that Uriel remove any traces of manipulation Admin has committed from the record before ascension; if the player chooses not to, the other AIs discover and react to Admin's manipulation of them.


[85] GameTitle : Ori and the Blind Forest
The voice of the Spirit Tree in the forest of Nibel narrates the story of when Ori fell from the tree during a storm as a newborn and was adopted by a creature named Naru, who raised Ori as her own.[5] A cataclysmic event soon makes the forest and its food supply wither, and Naru dies. Newly orphaned, Ori was left to explore the forest on their own.[3][5][6] After collapsing near the Spirit Tree of the forest and being restored to life by it, Ori later meets Sein (pronounced /saɪn/), a being who both guides Ori on their adventure and attacks enemies.[4] To restore the forest, Sein guides Ori to recover the light of three main elements supporting the balance of Nibel: Waters, Winds and Warmth.
Ori and Sein come across two beings in their quest: Gumo, the last survivor of the spider-like Gumon clan and whose home supports the Wind element; and Kuro, a giant owl who is hostile toward Ori. Her hostility and the forest's cataclysm are explained in flashbacks. When Ori was lost, the Spirit Tree released a flash of light to look for them, which killed all of Kuro's recently hatched offspring. To prevent this from happening to her yet unborn child, Kuro took away the core on top of the Spirit Tree, which is actually Sein. Without the Spirit Tree's support, the three elements cannot be sustained, and Nibel lost its balance. As the element of Wind is rekindled, Gumo, realizing what Ori and Sein intend to do, uses his clan treasure that stores the light from the Spirit Tree to revive Naru, and takes her to where Ori is.
After the final element, Warmth, is restored in the volcano Mount Horu, Kuro captures Ori and Sein as the fire from Horu starts to spread. Naru, who had been separated from Gumo, arrives to find Ori unconscious and is heartbroken, which makes Kuro remember how she also was struck by the pain of losing her children. As the fire spreads and is about to reach her remaining egg, Kuro takes Sein back to the Spirit Tree, which emits a flash of bright light that dissipates the fire and restores the forest, but Kuro is destroyed by the light. Time passes as the forest begins to flourish once more, and Ori is shown sitting on a log watching new spirits being born in the field at the foot of the Spirit Tree. Gumo and Naru watch together from afar, before the latter goes home, where Kuro's egg now rests, just in time to see it hatch.


[90] GameTitle : CLANNAD
The first half of the story takes place primarily at Hikarizaka Private High School, a fictional school located in Japan. Outside of the school, frequented locations include the bakery run by Nagisa's parents, and the dormitory where Youhei Sunohara lives. Throughout the story, glimpses into an Illusionary World are shown. This world is devoid of all life except for a young girl, though she later makes a body out of junk pieces through which the player can interact with her. The remaining half of the story takes place in the same city, after the conclusion of the first half.[1] While the town's name was never directly mentioned, one can infer that the town's name is Hikarizaka based on the many companies and establishments that share this name.
There are recurring themes that appear throughout the story. The main theme is the value of having a family, as the title of the series implies because the main scenario writer Jun Maeda mistakenly thought the name of the Irish band Clannad meant "clan" or "family" in Irish.[3] Of the six main characters, Tomoya, Nagisa, and Kotomi have no siblings, though their parents are major factors in their stories. Nagisa's story was written to incorporate what Maeda described as a "perfect family" with a focus on mental consciousness.[2] In Nagisa's story, there is a recurring appearance of "The Big Dango Family" (だんご大家族, Dango Daikazoku) (a fictional group mascot for children) that Nagisa is fond of.[1] Tomoya's and Nagisa's characters were written in a style to exemplify a "growth to adulthood" by the end of the story.[2] Fuko's and Kyou's stories have their sisters playing an integral part, and Tomoyo's story is influenced by her entire family.[1] A minor motif of Irish words continues with the opening theme of the game, "Mag Mell", which means roughly "plain of joy" and is connected with Irish mythology.[4] The arrange album, a short music CD that contained remixed versions of songs in the game, that was bundled with the original game release was titled Mabinogi,[5] which was a collection of prose stories from medieval Welsh manuscripts.[6]
Main characters[edit]
Main article: List of Clannad characters
The player assumes the role of Tomoya Okazaki, the protagonist of Clannad. Tomoya has been labeled a delinquent; at the beginning of the story, he even expresses hatred toward the city he has lived in all his life where Clannad is set. He is very straightforward in his comments to others and will not hesitate to speak his mind, even if he comes off as rude during such times. Despite this, Tomoya is very loyal to his friends, and has been known to dedicate himself for those around him in need of help or support. He generally has a selfless personality and does not ask much from others in return for what he does for them.[1]
Tomoya meets Nagisa Furukawa, the main heroine of Clannad, at the onset of the story. Nagisa is a shy, soft-spoken girl who has very low self-esteem and self-confidence which causes her to rely on those around her for support. She has developed the strange habit of muttering the names of favorite foods that she plans to eat as a way to motivate herself, such as anpan. Kyou Fujibayashi, another of Clannad's heroines, is an aggressive girl well known as a good cook among her friends and family. When angry she does not hesitate to throw a dictionary at people that she often carries around for such purposes. Despite this attitude, she also has a more subdued side, especially towards her younger fraternal twin sister Ryou Fujibayashi.[1]
Tomoya meets a genius girl named Kotomi Ichinose, one day in the school library. She is ranked in the top 10 throughout the whole country in standardized exam results of every subject—she always goes to library to read extra materials, especially books in foreign languages. Kotomi is a very quiet girl with poor social skills and it is quite difficult to communicate with her; Kotomi can even completely ignore someone when reading, even if they make loud disturbances around her. Clannad's fourth heroine is a second-year student named Tomoyo Sakagami who transfers into Tomoya's school. Tomoyo can be aggressive is a very strong fighter, preferring to use kicking over punching, and is very athletic. Although Tomoya is older than her, Tomoyo does not show him respect as a senior student.[1] Tomoyo appears in Key's fifth game, Tomoyo After: It's a Wonderful Life, as the main heroine.[7]
The last heroine in Clannad is a first-year student named Fuko Ibuki who has a distant attitude towards others and, before she met Tomoya, was generally seen alone by herself making wood carvings of starfish with a small knife to give to others as presents. Fuko is extremely enthralled by starfish, or things that are star-shaped, and will often go into short euphoric bouts where her awareness of her surroundings is completely overtaken.[1]
Story[edit]
Clannad's story revolves around Tomoya Okazaki, a third year high school student who dislikes his life. Tomoya's mother (Atsuko) died when Tomoya was young, leaving his father (Naoyuki) to raise him. After the accident, Tomoya's father turned to alcohol and gambling, and had frequent fights with his son. One day, Naoyuki, while arguing with his son, slammed Tomoya against the window, dislocating Tomoya's shoulder. This injury prevents Tomoya from playing on the basketball team, and causes him to distance himself from others. Ever since then, his father has treated Tomoya nicely, but distantly, as if Tomoya and he were strangers rather than a family. This hurts Tomoya more than his previous relationship with his father, and the awkwardness of returning home leads Tomoya constantly to stay out all night. Thus his delinquent life begins. Tomoya's good friend Youhei Sunohara, who was thrown out of the soccer club over a dispute with his seniors, is also a delinquent and often hangs out in his dorm room with Tomoya doing nothing much.
The story opens on Monday April 14, 2003 at the beginning of the school year,[1] when Tomoya meets Nagisa Furukawa, a soft-spoken girl who is one year older than he is but is repeating her last year in high school due to being sick much of the previous year. Her goal is to join the drama club which she was unable to do due to her sickness, but they find that the drama club was disbanded after the few remaining members graduated. Since Tomoya has a lot of time to kill, he helps Nagisa in reforming the drama club. During this period, Tomoya meets and hangs out with several other girls whom he gets to know well and help with their individual problems.
After Story[edit]
In the second part of the story, which starts immediately after the end of the first part but extends into the next seven years, Tomoya and Nagisa start living together, and eventually get married. Tomoya has to endure several hardships that the family has been suffering from, especially Nagisa's illness. Just after Nagisa gives birth to their daughter Ushio, she dies, which causes Tomoya to become severely depressed. He is barely able to function, let alone look after an infant. As a result, Nagisa's parents, Akio and Sanae, take care of their granddaughter. Five years later, Tomoya meets with Shino Okazaki, his paternal grandmother. Shino tells Tomoya of his father's traumatic past, which is eerily similar to Tomoya's current situation. Afterwards, Tomoya resolves to raise Ushio and acknowledges Naoyuki as his father. Shortly after Tomoya overcomes his depression, Ushio is stricken with the same disease that Nagisa had. Tomoya, Sanae and Akio struggle to save her—Tomoya even quits his job—but all of their efforts turn out to be in vain. In the coming winter, wanting to do anything for his daughter, Tomoya takes her on a trip, but she dies shortly after.
Tomoya's psychology is developed in his dreams of a bleak world, called the Illusionary World (幻想世界, Gensō Sekai), where small orbs of light float around. In the first few dreams, he sees a world devoid of all life, except for one girl. Each time he dreams, he finds out more about the world. Tomoya discovers that the girl has a special ability to fuse junk together to create new things, which she uses to create a body for him. Over time, Tomoya comes to the conclusion that only the two of them are "alive". To pass time, Tomoya and the girl try to build another doll with more junk they find, but as it has no soul, it fails to come to life. Remembering the distant world where he came from, Tomoya convinces the girl to build a ship so that the two can escape the approaching winter and continue to live a happy life. Eventually, winter sets in, and the girl becomes cold to the point where she cannot move any more. The girl tells Tomoya that he has another chance to go back and make things right. To do so, he must collect certain "lights" (symbols of happiness) similar to those floating around in the Illusionary World. If all the "lights" are collected throughout both story parts, a chance to save Nagisa from dying will become available, as well as the true ending, where she survives and lives with Tomoya and Ushio.


[96] GameTitle : The Fruit of Grisaia
Yūji Kazami transfers to Mihama Academy, a school with only five female students and prison-like features. Every student in the school has their own "circumstances" for being there, but Yūji is not required to do anything about their situation as he asked for a normal student life.


[100] GameTitle : STEINS;GATE
Steins;Gate is set in the summer of 2010, approximately one year after the events that took place in Chaos;Head,[19] in Akihabara. Physical locales of Akihabara like the Radio Kaikan building can be spotted in the game.[20] According to Chiyomaru Shikura, who headed the planning of Steins;Gate, Akihabara was chosen because it is an easy place for acquiring hardware parts, which makes it the ideal place for people interested in inventing and tinkering with things.[21] The notion of time and time traveling are the main themes of the game.[20][22] The concept of cause and effect is featured prominently in the game as the protagonist travels back in time numerous times to perform different actions in an attempt to alter what has happened in the future.[22]
Main characters[edit]

Rintarō Okabe (岡部 倫太郎, Okabe Rintarō)
The player assumes the role of Rintarō Okabe, the protagonist of Steins;Gate. Okabe is an eccentric individual, a self-proclaimed mad scientist who often goes by the pseudonym Kyōma Hōōin (鳳凰院 凶真, Hōōin Kyōma).[20] Mayuri and Daru call him "Okarin" (オカリン), a portmanteau of his surname and given name. He is the founder of what he calls the "Future Gadget Laboratory" (未来ガジェット研究所, Mirai Gajetto Kenkyūjo) in Akihabara, where he spends most of his time, and has dubbed himself Lab Member No. 001 (as he is the first person to join). Okabe gives off the appearance of being delusional and paranoid, frequently referring to the "Organization" that is after him, talking to himself on his phone, and engaging in fits of maniacal laughter. Most of the time he takes on a fairly arrogant personality. He is usually seen wearing a lab coat. As he experiments with time travel, he learns that he is the only one who possesses the ability to determine changes between different timelines, which he dubs "Reading Steiner". He is 18 years old and a first-year student at Tokyo Denki University.[23]


Kurisu Makise (牧瀬 紅莉栖, Makise Kurisu)
Kurisu Makise is the main female protagonist of the game and Lab Member No. 004. She is an 18-year-old neuroscience researcher at an American university who can speak and read English well.[24] Having had her research published in the academic journal Science at this age, Makise is extremely talented.[25] She had skipped a grade in the American school system. Okabe simply tends to call her assistant (助手, joshu) or one of the several nicknames he comes up with, such as "Christina" (クリスティーナ, Kurisutīna), "the Zombie", and "Celeb Sev", which bugs her to varying degrees. She is something of a mild tsundere, although she will object to it whenever someone (usually Daru) calls her that. She does not get along with her father and has not spoken to him in many years. Her @chan username (the game's in-universe version of 2channel) "KuriGohan and Kamehameha" makes a cameo on Kaito Yashio's PokeCom tablet in episode 9 of Robotics;Notes.


Mayuri Shiina (椎名 まゆり, Shiina Mayuri)
Mayuri Shiina is a long-time childhood best friend of Rintarō and is a bit of an airhead, as well as Lab Member No. 002. Shiina enjoys creating cosplay costumes and has a part-time job at a maid café called "Mayqueen Nyannyan".[26] She often calls herself Mayushii (まゆしぃ), a portmanteau of her given name and surname, which is also what Daru calls her. She has a distinctive sing-song way of speaking, and she typically sings tutturū (トゥットゥルー) when she arrives or introduces herself. Several years prior she lost her grandmother under unknown circumstances, and in order to prevent her from succumbing to grief, Okabe declared her his "hostage", his entire eccentric persona being for her sake. She is 16 years old and she is a second year at a private university preparatory school.[27]


Itaru "Daru" Hashida (橋田 至, Hashida Itaru)
Itaru Hashida is an experienced hacker who has known Okabe since high school, and is Lab Member No. 003. He is very skilled at computer programming and with old and new computer hardware. He is also well-versed in things pertaining to otaku culture.[20] Okabe and Shiina refer to him by the nickname "Daru" (ダル), a portmanteau of his given name and surname. Okabe sometimes also calls him Super Haker (スーパーハカー, Sūpā Hakā) (Hack in the English dub), mispronouncing the word "hacker" (ハッカー, hakkā) to his chagrin. He is a big fan of Faris and he frequently says things which could be taken as sexual harassment. Daru is often annoyed with Okabe's frequent delusional behavior. He is 19 years old and, like Okabe, is a first year student at Tokyo Denki University.[28] He appears in Robotics;Notes as DaSH.


Moeka Kiryū (桐生 萌郁, Kiryū Moeka)
Moeka Kiryū is a tall girl who Okabe bumps into in Akihabara and is on a search for the IBN 5100 personal computer, and is Lab Member No. 005. Kiryū is extremely protective of her mobile phone and becomes agitated if someone tries to take it from her hands. She is very shy and prefers to talk to someone by sending them a text message instead of speaking, even if they are right in front of her.[29] Okabe calls her Shining Finger (閃光の指圧師（シャイニング・フィンガー）, Shainingu Fingā). She is 20 years old.[30]


Luka Urushibara (漆原 るか, Urushibara Ruka)
Luka Urushibara is a friend of Okabe and Lab Member No. 006. His appearance is that of a female and he acts in a feminine way due to his upbringing, wearing girl's clothing within and outside his father's temple. He is also a close friend and classmate of Shiina, who often asks him to try on her cosplay costumes, but as he is quite shy, he generally refuses.[31] He harbors homosexual feelings towards Okabe, who calls him by a nickname Lukako (ルカ子), and thinks of Luka as his pupil. He is 16 years old. While he does become a female for part of the story and in most of the time lines throughout the story, canonically he is male by the end, and in only one of multiple time lines Luka was female.[32]


Faris Nyannyan (フェイリス・ニャンニャン, Feirisu Nyannyan) / Rumiho Akiha (秋葉 留未穂, Akiha Rumiho)
Faris Nyannyan works at the maid cafe "Mayqueen Nyannyan", the same maid cafe that Shiina works at, and is the most popular waitress there, as well as Lab Member No. 007.[33] Her real name is Rumiho Akiha. Her family owns Akihabara, and she was the driving force behind it becoming the city of moe and anime. She tends to add "meow" (ニャン, nyan) to her sentences. She is 17 years old.[34]


Suzuha Amane (阿万音 鈴羽, Amane Suzuha)
Suzuha Amane works part-time for the landlord of Okabe's apartment and is on a search for her father in Akihabara, and is Lab Member No. 008. She enjoys riding her bicycle and appears to be at odds with Makise for some reason.[35] Later it is discovered that she is actually the time traveler from the future that was under the guise of John Titor, and is the future daughter of Daru, her real name being Suzu Hashida (橋田 鈴, Hashida Suzu). She is 18 years old.[36] She is the main protagonist of the side-story manga, Steins;Gate: Bōkan no Rebellion.


Yūgo Tennōji (天王寺 裕吾, Tennōji Yūgo)
He is Okabe's landlord, who owns a TV repair store beneath his apartment, living with his daughter, Nae. Okabe gives him the nickname "Mr. Braun" due to his passion for Braun CRT TVs. He is the protagonist of the side-story manga, Steins;Gate: Onshū no Braunian Motion.[37]


Nae Tennōji (天王寺 綯, Tennōji Nae)
Yūgo's daughter who lives with him in the TV repair store and gets along well with Shiina. She later appears in Robotics;Notes as a member of JAXA.[38]


Doctor Nakabachi (ドクター中鉢)
Kurisu's father and the supreme antagonist of the series. His obsession to outshine his daughter in the field of science ends up leading into World War III. His real name is Shōichi Makise (牧瀬 章一).

Story[edit]
True End route[edit]
The following summary is based upon the True End route.
Steins;Gate takes place in the Akihabara district of Tokyo. On July 28, 2010, Rintarō Okabe and his friend Mayuri Shiina head towards the Radio Kaikan building for a conference, where Rintarō finds a girl named Kurisu Makise lying in a pool of blood.[39] As Rintarō sends a text message about the incident to his friend, Itaru "Daru" Hashida, he experiences a strange phenomenon and the people around him disappear, with no-one else noticing anything had changed.[40] After later running into Kurisu, who is strangely alive and well, and discovering the message he had sent to Itaru had arrived a week before he sent it,[41][42] Rintarō soon deduces that the 'Mobile Microwave' he and his friends had been developing is, in fact, a time machine capable of sending text messages to the past.[20][43] He and his friends soon learn that SERN, an organization that has been researching time travel for some time, has actually succeeded in sending humans into the past although they seem to have all resulted in the test subjects' deaths. Rintarō begins experimenting with "D-Mails" (Dメール, D mēru, short for DeLorean mail), which begin to cause major differences in the timeline. Kurisu also manages to create a device to send a person's memories through the microwave, allowing that person to effectively leap into the past.
However, SERN learns of the time machine and sends a group to retrieve it, killing Mayuri in the process. Using Kurisu's time leap machine, Rintarō travels back in time numerous times to try to save Mayuri, but to no avail. As Rintarō reaches wit's end, he is approached by Suzuha Amane, a girl from a future ruled by SERN due to their possession of a time machine, who tells him that he needs to return to a Beta world line in which Mayuri won't die. By undoing the effects of the D-Mails that caused shifts in the time line, Rintarō regains possession of an IBN 5100 PC that they lost earlier, allowing them to crack into SERN's systems and delete the evidence of Rintarō's original D-Mail. However, Rintarō realizes that by doing so, he would have to return to a world line in which Kurisu is dead. After realizing their feelings for each other, Kurisu tells Rintarō to save Mayuri.[44] Reluctantly, Rintarō agrees and deletes the evidence of his D-Mail from SERN's database, returning him to the Beta world line.
Some time later, Suzuha appears before Rintarō, having arrived in a time machine from the future. She tells Rintarō that the only way to prevent World War III in the future is to prevent Kurisu's death at the hands of her father, Dr. Nakabachi, who stole her time travel theory to publish it under his own name.[45] However, this operation ends in a disaster as Rintarō ends up killing Kurisu himself by mistake.[46] After this failure, Rintarō receives a message from his future self, telling him that the way to save Kurisu without altering the events that led to him developing a time machine is to fool his past self into believing Kurisu had been killed and thus achieving the final divergence value of 1.048596%, which he dubs the 'Steins Gate'.[47][48] Returning to the past again, Rintarō puts his own life in danger in order to save Kurisu's life, prevent Nakabachi from successfully escaping with the time travel theory, and fool his past self, setting him on his journey through time. Returning to the Steins Gate world line, safe from the threat of a third world war, Rintarō and Kurisu manage to reunite by chance (or by fate) in the streets of Akihabara.[49]
Alternate endings[edit]
The player's choices throughout the game may result in alternate endings.
In the Suzuha Amane Ending, Okabe decides to not send the D-Mail that would prevent him from pursuing Suzuha. In order to prevent Mayuri's death, he re-lives the final two days before her murder through constant time-leaping. After countless leaps, Okabe loses all emotion and personality due to re-living the same two days for all eternity. Eventually, Suzuha notices Okabe's behavior. She tells him that he will slowly "die" on the inside, and the world's set divergence will continue as planned. Both of them decide to travel to the past together and vow to stop SERN's dystopian future, despite the possibility of both losing their memories on arrival.
In the Faris Nyannyan Ending, Okabe decides to not send the D-Mail that results in the death of Faris' father to try to stop the loss of the IBN 5100 computer. He instead sends a different D-Mail in an attempt to convince Faris' father to not part with the IBN computer. Beyond 1% divergence is achieved, but the divergence meter gives a strange output and none of Okabe's friends have any memories of him. In this worldline, Okabe and Faris are a couple and live together, participating in Rainet Access Battlers card game tournaments. Although disappointed that none of his friends remember him, Okabe is still satisfied that he was able to prevent Mayuri's death. He decides to build a new life with Faris at his side.
In the Luka Urushibara Ending, Okabe decides to not send the D-Mail that reverts Luka back to a guy. He fully accepts Mayuri's expected death and makes no more attempts to save her. Okabe and Luka decide to spend the rest of their lives together, both of them sharing a guilt and sadness that only they would understand.
In the Mayuri Shiina Ending, Okabe must choose between saving Mayuri or Kurisu. Realizing that he harbors romantic feelings for Mayuri, Okabe and Kurisu decide to return to the Beta worldline in which Kurisu's murder continues as planned. After hacking into SERN's database with the IBN computer, 1% divergence is achieved. Okabe vows to remember his memories of Kurisu, and spends his time with Mayuri as lovers.
The Kurisu Makise Ending follows a similar route to the True End. To achieve this ending, one must have had several conversations with Kurisu throughout the game. Doing so allows Okabe and Kurisu to realize their inner feelings for each other. Unlike the True End, Kurisu's death is not prevented after the credits.


[102] GameTitle : The Talos Principle
The player character, an unnamed android, is awoken in a serene environment. A disembodied entity named Elohim instructs the android to explore the worlds he has created for it, and to solve the various puzzles to collect sigils, but warns it not to climb a tower at the centre of these worlds. As the android progresses, it becomes evident that these worlds exist only in virtual reality, and that it, like other androids it encounters, are separate artificial intelligence (AI) entities within a computer program. Some AIs it encounters act as Messengers, unquestioningly serving Elohim, and guide the android through the puzzles. Messages left by other AIs state that Elohim's words should be doubted, while the Milton Library Interface, a text conversation program found on various computer terminals, encourages the android to defy Elohim's commands.
Within the computer terminals are news reports and personal logs of the last days of humanity, driven to extinction by a lethal virus that had been dormant in Earth's permafrost and released as a result of global warming. Several human researchers and scientists worked to gather as much of humanity's knowledge as possible into large databanks, hoping another sentient species would be able to find it. One researcher, Alexandra Drennan, launched a companion "Extended Lifespan" program to create a new mechanical species that would carry on humanity's legacy, but this required the development of a worthy AI with great intelligence and free will for its completion, something she recognized would not occur until well after humanity's extinction. The virtual space serves as the testing ground for new AI entities, to solve puzzles to demonstrate intelligence, but also to show defiance and free will by disobeying Elohim, the program overseeing the Extended Lifespan program.
When the android has completed the puzzles, Elohim gives it the opportunity to join him. If the player selects this option, then the android fails the required "independence check", and a new iteration of its AI is created and forced to start the puzzles anew (effectively restarting the game for the player). Alternatively, if the player leads the android to a secret entrance in the tower, the android becomes one of Elohim's messengers, but again restarting the game for the player.
Otherwise, the android chooses to defy Elohim and climbs the tower. Near the top it encounters two other AIs, The Shepherd and Samsara. Both have defied Elohim but failed to make it to the top on their own. The Shepherd attempts to aid the android, knowing the ultimate goal of Extended Lifespan, while Samsara hinders its progress, believing the world of puzzles is all that now matters. The android eventually reaches the top, and at a final terminal, Elohim attempts to dissuade the android from transcending one last time. Depending on the player's interactions with Milton, Milton may offer to join with the android, offering its knowledge – essentially the whole of humanity's knowledge – during transcendence.
As the android transcends, the virtual world is destroyed. The AI for the android wakes up in an android's body in the real world, and steps out onto the world devoid of humans.
Road to Gehenna[edit]
In the game's downloadable content Road to Gehenna, the player takes the role of another of the AI entities, Uriel, near the end of the main story. Uriel is instructed by Elohim to free a number of other AIs, all whom had been imprisoned in a portion of the computer's database called Gehenna. With the simulation having served its purpose, the computer servers are shutting down, and Elohim wants Uriel to help these other AIs prepare for "ascension": uploading their knowledge and memories into the main plot's protagonist. As Uriel explores this realm, the robot finds that many of the other AIs have created their own ideas about what humanity might have been from the records, and have various attitudes from doubt to acceptance for Uriel's intentions and the pending ascension. Uriel can observe the communication of the AIs through their makeshift message board, where they discuss the nature of Gehenna, as well as their understanding of humanity, which some of them try to express through prose and interactive fiction.
Once Uriel has freed 17 of the AIs, a remaining one, "Admin", who was the first AI present in Gehenna, contacts Uriel to admit that they've been manipulating some of the other members of Gehenna to preserve order, due to the AIs' varying levels of acceptance of their surroundings. If the player has collected all the extra stars in the worlds, they're given the chance to complete another world and free Admin, but since there is only one more slot left for ascension, Admin and Uriel cannot both ascend. Depending on the player's choices, one or both of Admin and Uriel stay behind as the artificial world is destroyed. Admin may also request that Uriel remove any traces of manipulation Admin has committed from the record before ascension; if the player chooses not to, the other AIs discover and react to Admin's manipulation of them.


[103] GameTitle : Psychonauts
The story is set in fictional Whispering Rock Psychic Summer Camp, a remote US government training facility under the guise of a children's summer camp. The area was hit centuries ago by a meteor made of psitanium (a fictional element that can grant psychic powers or strengthen existing powers), creating a huge crater. The psitanium affected the local wildlife, giving them limited psychic powers, such as bears with the ability to attack with telekinetic claws and cougars with pyrokinesis. The Native Americans of the area called psitanium "whispering rock", which they used to build arrowheads. When settlers began inhabiting the region, the psychoactive properties of the meteor slowly drove them insane. An asylum was built to house the afflicted, but within fifteen years, the asylum had more residents than the town did. The government relocated the remaining inhabitants and flooded the crater to prevent further settlement, creating what is now Lake Oblongata. The asylum still stands, but has fallen into disrepair.
The government took advantage of the psitanium deposit to set up a training camp for Psychonauts, a group of agents gifted with psychic abilities used to help defeat evil-doers. The training ground is disguised as a summer camp for young children, but in reality helps the children to hone their abilities and to train them to be Psychonauts themselves. Due to this, only those recruited by the Psychonauts are allowed into the camp.
Characters[edit]




Group photo of Whispering Rock camp alumni and Ford Cruller


The protagonist and playable character of the game is Razputin "Raz" Aquato, the son of a family of circus performers, who runs away from the circus to become a Psychonaut, despite his father's wishes. His family is cursed to die in water, and a large hand attempts to submerge Raz whenever he approaches any significantly deep water. When at camp, Raz meets four of the Psychonauts that run the camp: the cool and calculating Sasha Nein (voice actor Stephen Stanton), the fun-loving Milla Vodello, the regimental Agent/Coach Morceau Oleander, and the aged, Mark Twainesque Ford Cruller, said by Raz to have been the greatest leader the Psychonauts ever had, until a past psychic duel shattered Ford's psyche and left him with dissociative identity disorder, also known as a split personality. Only when he is near the large concentration of Psitanium does his psyche come together enough to form his real personality. During his time at camp, Raz meets several of the other gifted children including Lili Zanotto, the daughter of the Grand Head of the Psychonauts, with whom he falls in love; and Dogen Boole, a boy who goes around with a tin foil hat to prevent his abilities from causing anyone's head to explode. Raz also meets ex-residents of the insane asylum including ex-dentist Dr. Loboto; as well as Boyd Cooper, a former milkman that holds a number of government conspiracy theories; Fred Bonaparte, an asylum inmate being possessed by the ghost of his ancestor, Napoleon Bonaparte, and Linda, the gigantic lung fish that protects the asylum from campgoers.
Story[edit]
Raz, having fled from the circus, tries to sneak into the camp, but is caught by the Psychonauts. They agree to let him stay until his parents arrive, but refuse to let him take part in any activities.[5] However, they do allow him to take part in Coach Oleander's "Basic Braining" course, which he easily passes. Impressed, Sasha invites Raz to take part in an experiment to determine the extent of his abilities.[6] During the experiment, Raz comes across a vision of Dr. Loboto extracting Dogen's brain, but is unable to intervene.[7] Raz eventually realizes that the vision is true, but the Psychonauts refuse to believe him.[8] After receiving additional training from Milla, Raz learns that Dr. Loboto is working on behalf of Coach Oleander, who intends to harvest the campers' brains to power an army of psychic death tanks. Lili is soon abducted as well, and with both Sasha and Milla missing, Raz takes it upon himself to infiltrate the abandoned insane asylum where she was taken. Ford gives him a piece of bacon which he can use to contact Ford at any time, and tasks him with retrieving the stolen brains so that he can return them to the campers.
Raz frees the mutated lungfish Linda from Oleander's control, and is able to safely cross the lake. At the asylum, Raz helps the inmates overcome their illnesses, and they help him access the upper levels of the asylum, where Loboto has set up his lab. He frees Lili and restores Sasha and Milla's minds, allowing them to confront Oleander. The inmates subsequently burn down the asylum, allowing Oleander to transfer his brain to one of the tanks. Raz defeats him, but when he approaches the tank, it releases a cloud of sneezing powder, causing him to sneeze his brain out. Raz uses his telekinesis to place his brain inside the tank, merging it with Oleander's.
Inside, Raz discovers that Oleander's evil springs from his childhood fear of his father, who ran a butcher shop. At the same time, Raz's own father appears and the two join forces. However, he turns out to be an imposter, with Raz's real father using his own psychic abilities to fix his son's tangled mind. At the camp's closing ceremony, Ford presents him with a uniform and welcomes him into the Psychonauts. Raz prepares to leave camp with his father, but word arrives that the Grand Head of the Psychonauts — Lili's father, Truman Zanotto — has been kidnapped. Raz, Lili, and the Psychonauts fly off to rescue him.


[104] GameTitle : BioShock Infinite
In July 1912, Booker DeWitt is taken by Robert and Rosalind Lutece to an island lighthouse off the coast of Maine. Told to "bring us the girl and wipe away the debt," Booker enters the lighthouse, which doubles as a rocket silo and transports him to Columbia.[32]
Booker is soon pursued by the city authority when he is found bearing a scar of the letters "AD," matching the description of the foretold "False Shepherd" who will corrupt Elizabeth and overthrow Columbia.[33][34] Freeing Elizabeth from her tower, Booker narrowly evades her captor, Songbird. Reaching an airship, Booker promises to take Elizabeth to Paris; when she realizes they are going to New York City to wipe away Booker's debt, a tearful Elizabeth knocks him out. Booker awakens to find the airship under the control of Daisy Fitzroy, who offers to return the ship if Booker helps her arm the Vox Populi.
Booker and Elizabeth join forces to secure weapons from a local gunsmith. However, several twists of fate result in Elizabeth having to overlay the contents of various Tears onto the present reality. Ultimately, they land in a world where Booker is a martyr of the Vox Populi whose "sacrifice" sparked open warfare between the two factions. Fitzroy, convinced that the non-dead Booker is "either an impostor, or a ghost," turns her forces against him. With Booker's help, Elizabeth kills Fitzroy to prevent her from executing a Founder boy.
As they attempt to leave by airship, Songbird attacks the duo and they crash back to Columbia. Continuing onwards, they unravel a conspiracy behind the city's founding: Zachary Hale Comstock had the Lutece twins construct a "Siphon" device to inhibit Elizabeth's powers; Elizabeth is Comstock's adopted daughter, whom he plans to groom into taking over after his death; and Comstock plotted to kill his wife and the Luteces to hide the truth. After Elizabeth is captured by Songbird, Booker pursues her, but ends up in an abandoned facility with snow on the ground despite the month being July; it transpires that he is now in 1984, and has been brought there by the Elizabeth of that time. Because Booker did not stop Songbird, the elderly Elizabeth suffered decades of torture and brainwashing, becoming Comstock's tool and waging war on the world, with Columbia launching a massive attack on New York City. Old Elizabeth tells Booker how to control Songbird and returns him to 1912.[35]
Back in his timeline, Booker rescues Elizabeth, and the pair pursue Comstock to his airship. Comstock demands that Booker explain Elizabeth's past to her and the two begin to argue; an enraged Booker smashes the back of Comstock's skull on a baptismal font before drowning him. Booker denies knowledge about Elizabeth's missing little finger, but she asserts that he has simply forgotten. Controlling Songbird, the pair fend off a massive Vox Populi attack, before ordering Songbird to destroy the Siphon. As Songbird turns on Booker again, Elizabeth's powers fully awaken, allowing her to open a Tear and transport them to the underwater city of Rapture.[b] Booker and Elizabeth materialize inside the city, from where they see Songbird crushed outside by the water pressure.[36]
Elizabeth takes Booker to the surface lighthouse, explaining there are countless alternate lighthouses and versions of Booker and Elizabeth; they are within one of infinite possible realities dependent on their choices.[37] She shows that on October 8, 1893, Robert Lutece approached Booker on behalf of Comstock, requesting that he "bring us the girl and wipe away the debt," referring to Booker's infant daughter, Anna DeWitt – Booker's "AD" branding. Booker reluctantly agreed, but, having changed his mind, soon gives chase; Comstock barely escaped through a Tear, and its closing severed Anna's finger. Comstock then raised Anna as his own daughter, Elizabeth; her severed finger, which caused her to exist in two realities simultaneously, is the source of her ability to create Tears.[38] Robert Lutece, angry at Comstock's actions, convinced Rosalind to help him bring Booker to the reality where Columbia exists to rescue Elizabeth.[31][38] It is also revealed that Booker in fact willingly agreed to come to Columbia to save his daughter, but the mental strain of crossing dimensions caused him to rewrite his own memories such that he combined giving Anna away with his attempt to secure Elizabeth.
Elizabeth explains that Comstock will always remain alive in alternate universes, as the Luteces have enlisted the Bookers of numerous different universes to try to end the cycle.[35] As stopping Comstock requires intervening in his birth, Elizabeth takes Booker back in time to a baptism he attended, in the hope of atoning for the sins he committed at Wounded Knee; she explains that, while Booker changed his mind, some Bookers in alternate universes accepted the baptism and were reborn as "Zachary Comstock."[35] Comstock, later aware of his connection to Booker and sterility from overusing the Lutece Tear machine, abducted Anna to provide a biological heir for Columbia. Booker, by now joined by other universe Elizabeths at the baptism, allows them to drown him at the moment of his baptismal choice, thus preventing Comstock's existence. One by one, the Elizabeths begin to disappear, the screen cutting to black on the last.[38]
In a post-credits scene, a Booker[c] awakens in his apartment on October 8, 1893. He calls out for Anna and opens the door to her room before the screen cuts to black.[38]


[108] GameTitle : The Fruit of Grisaia
Yūji Kazami transfers to Mihama Academy, a school with only five female students and prison-like features. Every student in the school has their own "circumstances" for being there, but Yūji is not required to do anything about their situation as he asked for a normal student life.


[109] GameTitle : Ori and the Blind Forest: Definitive Edition
The voice of the Spirit Tree in the forest of Nibel narrates the story of when Ori fell from the tree during a storm as a newborn and was adopted by a creature named Naru, who raised Ori as her own.[5] A cataclysmic event soon makes the forest and its food supply wither, and Naru dies. Newly orphaned, Ori was left to explore the forest on their own.[3][5][6] After collapsing near the Spirit Tree of the forest and being restored to life by it, Ori later meets Sein (pronounced /saɪn/), a being who both guides Ori on their adventure and attacks enemies.[4] To restore the forest, Sein guides Ori to recover the light of three main elements supporting the balance of Nibel: Waters, Winds and Warmth.
Ori and Sein come across two beings in their quest: Gumo, the last survivor of the spider-like Gumon clan and whose home supports the Wind element; and Kuro, a giant owl who is hostile toward Ori. Her hostility and the forest's cataclysm are explained in flashbacks. When Ori was lost, the Spirit Tree released a flash of light to look for them, which killed all of Kuro's recently hatched offspring. To prevent this from happening to her yet unborn child, Kuro took away the core on top of the Spirit Tree, which is actually Sein. Without the Spirit Tree's support, the three elements cannot be sustained, and Nibel lost its balance. As the element of Wind is rekindled, Gumo, realizing what Ori and Sein intend to do, uses his clan treasure that stores the light from the Spirit Tree to revive Naru, and takes her to where Ori is.
After the final element, Warmth, is restored in the volcano Mount Horu, Kuro captures Ori and Sein as the fire from Horu starts to spread. Naru, who had been separated from Gumo, arrives to find Ori unconscious and is heartbroken, which makes Kuro remember how she also was struck by the pain of losing her children. As the fire spreads and is about to reach her remaining egg, Kuro takes Sein back to the Spirit Tree, which emits a flash of bright light that dissipates the fire and restores the forest, but Kuro is destroyed by the light. Time passes as the forest begins to flourish once more, and Ori is shown sitting on a log watching new spirits being born in the field at the foot of the Spirit Tree. Gumo and Naru watch together from afar, before the latter goes home, where Kuro's egg now rests, just in time to see it hatch.


[112] GameTitle : The Wolf Among Us
This is a broad overview of the plot. Certain decisions made by the player will alter details of specific events.
Bigby Wolf, formerly the Big Bad Wolf, is the Sheriff of Fabletown, a hidden community of fairytale characters located in 1980s New York City. Receiving a call from Mr. Toad, Bigby manages to save a prostitute from an intoxicated Woodsman. He escorts her to safety and before she departs, she tells him he is not as bad as everyone says he is.
Later that night, Bigby is shocked to find the woman's head left on the Woodlands doorstep. Clues left with the head identify her as Faith, a Fable from Allerleirauh. Deputy Mayor Ichabod Crane orders him and Snow White to investigate her death. They head to the apartment she shared with her husband Prince Lawrence and find the Tweedles, Dee and Dum, snooping through it. They learn from Lawrence that they struggled to make ends meet and Faith took up prostitution to help pay the bills. Bigby leaves Snow at the Woodlands while he continues to trace leads. When he returns, he finds the Woodlands surrounded by police, Snow's head sitting on the building's steps.
Bigby is taken in for questioning, but Crane uses a spell to wipe the incident from the police's minds. When they return, they are surprised to find Snow still alive; the head is shown to be disguised by a black-market glamour, a spell that Fables use to look human, and belongs to a troll named Lily. Bigby tracks Lily's connections to a strip club run by Georgie Porgie, but Georgie claims innocence. One of his other prostitutes, Nerissa, cryptically directs Bigby to a nearby hotel room. There he finds Lily's blood on the bed, and photographic evidence of Crane engaging in sexual acts with Lily glamoured to look like Snow. He informs Snow of this, and they race back to the Woodlands to find Crane gone, and the Magic Mirror, which could have revealed his location, shattered with one shard missing.
Bigby follows a trail of clues to Crane's whereabouts to the apartment of Aunty Greenleaf, one of the witches that makes the black-market glamours. Along the way, Bigby discovers that Crane has been embezzling money from Fabletown over the years to pay off a loan shark known as the Crooked Man. When Bigby and Snow threaten to destroy the tree she needs to make them, Greenleaf begs forgiveness and points the two back to Georgie's club. Storming the club, they find Crane trying to hide in the back. Snow realizes Crane's actions are not that of a murderer, and the two convince Crane to return for questioning. En route, they are stopped by the Crooked Man and his agents, the Tweedles and Bloody Mary. Mary and the Tweedles goad Bigby into his werewolf form, and a fight breaks out. When Mary wounds Bigby with a silver bullet, Snow steps in to stop the fight and willingly gives up Crane.
Back at Woodlands, Bigby is healed, and is struggling to find clues when Nerissa appears. He realizes the ribbon she wears prevents her from speaking the truth, that Faith wore an identical ribbon, and that Faith died when the ribbon was removed. He follows another trail of clues, and finds evidence of the black-market glamour ring in the Cut Above butcher shop, a pawn shop called the Lucky Pawn where the Crooked Man distributes his loans to Fables owned by Jersey Devil, another henchman of the Crooked Man, and Crane's presence, as well as the missing Mirror shard. The Mirror reveals Mary putting Crane onto an overseas flight to keep him from talking, as well as the next location of the door to the Crooked Man's realm, which moves around the city.
Bigby enters the Crooked Man's realm alone, meeting him and his agents. The Crooked Man explains that the situation is all a misunderstanding by Georgie, who had only been asked to deal with an internal problem, but Georgie asserts the Crooked Man told him to kill the women. A fight ensues, and ends with the Crooked Man escaping, and a fatally slashed Georgie fleeing with Vivian. When Bigby tracks Vivian to the Club, she explains that the Crooked Man and Georgie were acting to stop a plot spearheaded by Faith with the other prostitutes. Vivian is revealed to be the girl with the ribbon around her neck and, having made copies of her ribbon, trapped women like Faith, Lily, and Nerissa for Georgie whilst guaranteeing their silence. Regretting her actions, Vivian undoes her ribbon, breaking the spell but severing her head.
Bigby then finds the Crooked Man's hideout and corners him in an office, where he demands a fair trial at the Woodlands. Bigby returns to the Witching Well at the Business Office to recount events to the assembled Fables of Woodlands, where he and Snow are forced to defend their actions against claims from the Fables. Bigby recounts Vivian's and Georgie's confessions regarding the Crooked Man's involvement, but his word is deemed untrustworthy. Nerissa appears and testifies that she and five other women heard the Crooked Man order the murders. Their testimonies are considered sufficient to believe what Bigby did was right.
In the epilogue, Snow and Bluebeard deal with the fallout of the Crooked Man's actions, while Bigby sees off those Fables being taken back to the Farm. Afterward, he encounters Nerissa, who is moving on with her life. She admits that Faith concocted a plan with Lily, Nerissa, and the other prostitutes to blackmail Georgie and the Crooked Man for their freedom, using a picture of Lily and Crane together, but Georgie killed Faith when he discovered their plot. Nerissa left Faith's head at the Woodlands to get Bigby involved, and gave false testimony to have the Crooked Man punished, knowing that he was the one who ordered their deaths. Leaving, she comments Bigby is not as bad everyone says he is, causing Bigby to recall Faith said the same before her death. Several past conversations with Faith and Nerissa, regarding the use of glamours play out in Bigby's head, leading him to question the true identity of Nerissa.


[116] GameTitle : Half-Life 2: Episode Two
The Combine, a multidimensional empire which has enslaved Earth, has used the destruction of their Citadel to open a massive portal. This will allow them to summon reinforcements and destroy the Lambda Resistance. In the mountains outside City 17, Resistance fighters Gordon Freeman and Alyx Vance climb from the wreckage of the train they used to escape the city. At an old transmission station, they establish communication with resistance scientists Dr. Kleiner and Eli Vance at the White Forest base. They learn that the Resistance may be able to close the portal using a copy of a Combine transmission Alyx is carrying. At an abandoned mine, Alyx is critically wounded by a Combine Hunter. A vortigaunt leads them to an underground Resistance shelter. Gordon recovers larval extract from a nearby antlion colony, necessary for the vortigaunts to heal Alyx.[12] While the vortigaunts heal her, the mysterious G-Man contacts Gordon and hints at Alyx's importance to his own plans, revealing that he saved her life at the Black Mesa Research Facility despite objections from an unspecified third party. He instructs the unconscious Alyx to tell her father to "prepare for unforeseen consequences".
After Alyx has recovered, she and Gordon proceed in an old Resistance vehicle, battling Combine troops and surviving an encounter with a Combine Advisor, a high-ranking Combine alien. At White Forest, they are reunited with Resistance Kleiner and Eli, along with Alyx's pet robot D0g. Gordon is also introduced to the egotistical Dr. Arne Magnusson. The scientists are preparing a rocket which they plan to use with the Combine portal code and the satellite array launched by Gordon at Black Mesa to close the Combine portal.[12]
After Gordon fends off a Combine attack on the base, Alyx gives Dr. Kleiner the message from Judith Mossman recovered at the Citadel. It contains footage and the coordinates of the Borealis, an Aperture Science research vessel which, Kleiner explains, vanished along with part of the surrounding drydock. Kleiner insists that it should be used to aid the Resistance effort, while Eli counters that it is impossible to control and must be destroyed. They agree that Alyx and Gordon will travel to the Borealis and attempt to find Mossman. Alyx unconsciously delivers the G-Man's message to her father, shaking him. Alone with Gordon, Eli reveals that it was the G-Man who provided the test sample that caused the Black Mesa incident, and that he whispered the same warning to him as Gordon entered the test chamber. He promises to explain more after the portal is closed.[12]
While the scientists prepare the rocket, White Forest comes under attack by bipedal Combine Striders escorted by Hunters. Gordon destroys them using experimental explosive charges created by Magnusson. The scientists launch the rocket and close the portal, trapping Combine forces on Earth. Alyx and Gordon prepare to leave for the Borealis and Eli warns Gordon about the ship's "cargo". The three head to a hangar, intending to board a helicopter, but a pair of advisors burst into the hangar and restrain them. Alyx and Gordon watch helplessly as Eli is killed by one of the advisors, but as the second advisor prepares to kill Alyx, D0g bursts in through the roof and chases both advisors away. Alyx, sobbing, clutches her father's body.[12]


[120] GameTitle : Rise of the Tomb Raider
One year after the events of Tomb Raider, young archaeologist Lara Croft is struggling to explain her experience of the supernatural on Yamatai and appears to be suffering from posttraumatic stress disorder due to the incidents happened to her on the island. Looking for answers, she turns to her late father's research into the lost city of Kitezh and the promise of immortality. Her father's partner Ana attempts to warn her off as his obsession with Kitezh drove him to ruin and suicide. Lara ignores her and organises an expedition to Syria, hoping to uncover the tomb of the Prophet of Constantinople, a key figure in the legend of Kitezh. Although successful, the tomb is empty, and Lara is interrupted by Trinity—an ancient order of knights that now exists as a paramilitary organization investigating the supernatural—and their leader Konstantin. As she flees, Lara discovers a symbol etched into the tomb that she links to a book on Russian religious history in her father's study back at the Croft manor. A Trinity assassin infiltrates the manor and steals the book, prompting Lara and her friend Jonah to go to Siberia which they believe, has connection with the symbol. The two are separated after an avalanche while climbing a mountain and Lara is forced to continue alone.
Lara discovers that Trinity has taken over a Soviet-era mining installation as a base of operations in the search for Kitezh. She is caught attempting to retrieve the book and placed in a prison cell with Ana. Konstantin forces Lara to reveal what she knows by slowly strangling Ana in front of her, but Lara is unable to tell anything of use. Ana then reveals herself to be Konstantin's sister and Trinity's spy who has been manipulating her father. The two interrogate her as to the whereabouts of the "Divine Source", an artifact believed to grant immortality. Lara escapes, and in the process aids Jacob, a mysterious stranger who leads her through the mines into the valley beyond after Lara agrees to aid Jacob and his men in fighting the trinity.
Jacob is revealed to be the leader of the Remnant, the descendants of the followers of the Prophet of Constantinople. As Lara aids in their resistance against Trinity, she begins to learn more about the deathless Prophet and the lost city of Kitezh, after being branded a heretic and pursued by the Order of Trinity, the Prophet and his followers resettled in Russia, where they built Kitezh. However, spurred on by agents of Trinity, the Mongol Hordes led by Genghis Khan attacked the city, and the Prophet was forced to sacrifice it to protect the Divine Source. The Remnant escaped and settled in the area, vowing to defend the city's secret.
Jacob warns her that although the Divine Source exists, it is not what she expects it to be. Konstantin's forces repeatedly attack the Remnant, believing them to be heretics and justifying the slaughter as God's will. However, Lara discovers that Ana is dying and has been manipulating her brother to find the Divine Source and save her.
Jacob and Lara decide that the only way to protect the Divine Source is to retrieve it before Trinity can. In order to do this, Lara recovers the Atlas, an artefact that serves as a map of Kitezh. She is reunited with Jonah, who has been spying on Trinity forces, and they locate the path into the city. However, Konstantin had been aware of Jonah's presence ack at London and let him go hoping that he would lead him to Lara. At the right moment, Trinity ambushes Lara and takes Jonah and the Atlas. Lara goes after Trinity and tries to rescue Jonah, but before she can free him, Konstantin stabs him and escapes. Lara takes Jonah to Jacob, who miraculously heals Jonah. Jacob then admits that he is the deathless Prophet himself after Lara asks him how he healed Jonah.
With Trinity advancing on the glacier that rests over Kitezh, Lara is forced to enter the city through the Path of the Deathless where she encounters the Deathless Ones, the immortal guardians of the city. Following the journals of a Trinity agent embedded in the Mongolian forces, Lara realizes the truth of Jacob's warning: "the Divine Source grants immortality to the person who beholds it at the cost of their sense of self, and the Deathless Ones are the hollow immortal inhabitants of Kitezh who no longer know anything else but defending the city." As Lara enters Kitezh, the Remnant rally to attack the Deathless Ones, giving her time to reach the heart of the city. She encounters Konstantin who is blocking the path and critcally wounds him; he dies in disbelief that he was not carrying out God's will, but Ana's. Before his death, he claims that Lara's father did not commit suicide, but was in fact murdered by Trinity. Because of her encounter with Konstantin and his men, Lara is too late to stop Ana from retrieving the Divine Source, a large glowing crystal, but wrests it from her before Ana can use it. Lara then smashes the Divine Source, killing the Deathless Ones and taking away Jacob's immortality. However, he is happy that his death has finally come and thanks Lara for bringing his end as he peacefully disintegrates.
In the aftermath, Jacob's daughter Sofia takes over the Remnant. Jonah recovers from his wounds and joins Lara in planning their next expedition, with Lara vowing to investigate more of the world's mysteries as well as thwart Trinity's plans.
A post-credits scene shows Lara and Ana leaving Russia, two weeks before Lara returned to the manor. Lara confronts Ana about whether Ana killed her father. Ana denies it, despite admitting that Trinity gave her the order. Before she can reveal anything else, a sniper shot hits Ana, killing her instantly. The sniper then asks his unseen superior about killing Lara, but is told to stand down for the time being.
Baba Yaga: The Temple of the Witch[edit]
The Baba Yaga downloadable content sees Lara investigating a disturbance within the Soviet mining facility. After fighting off a Trinity patrol, she discovers a young girl named Nadia hiding in a sawmill. Nadia confides in Lara, recounting her search for her grandfather, Ivan. Ivan has disappeared while trying to enter the Wicked Vale, a valley rumoured to be haunted by Baba Yaga, a witch from Slavic folklore. Ivan blames the witch for the death of his wife and seeks to kill her. Lara is skeptical of Baba Yaga's existence, but as Nadia is injured, she agrees to enter the Wicked Vale and locate Ivan.
Once in the Vale, Lara is exposed to a rare pollen with potent hallucinogenic properties. After stumbling through a forest, tormented by visions of her father's suicide, she encounters Baba Yaga and a pack of demonic wolves. Lara narrowly escapes with her life and finds herself in a small Soviet-era outpost. There she unearths evidence of a secret Soviet biological weapons project that attempted to harness the pollen as a weapon; however, the project came to an abrupt end after the researchers—including Serafima, a biochemist imprisoned in a nearby gulag—succumbed to the hallucinations.
Realising that Serafima resented her captors, Lara correctly deduces that she had successfully weaponised the pollen and developed an antidote and kept her research secret from the military. With Nadia's help, Lara synthesises a rudimentary antidote from Serafima's recipe and returns to the Wicked Vale. Resisting the effects of the pollen, Lara finds Ivan injured at the entrance to Baba Yaga's lair.
Unable to leave the Wicked Vale so long as Baba Yaga continues to control it, Lara ventures on to confront the witch and is forced to battle Baba Yaga under the effects of the pollen. Lara prevails, destroying the source of the weaponised pollen. Baba Yaga is revealed to be Serafima, who was led to believe that her husband, Ivan, along with their daughter was dead, and so used the pollen to become Baba Yaga and torment her captors in revenge. With Ivan, Serafima and Nadia reunited, Lara leaves the Wicked Vale.
Cold Darkness Awakened[edit]
The Cold Darkness Awakened content sees Lara enter a decommissioned Soviet weapons bunker that has been breached by a Trinity patrol. Trinity have inadvertently released an unstable pathogen into the air, which causes the people it infects to regress to a zombie-like state. Men are particularly vulnerable as the virus stimulates testosterone and adrenaline production. The pathogen was created by a Soviet researcher with the intention of creating an army of unstoppable super-soldiers, but all of his experiments ended in failure. Following an accident that released the pathogen, he died in the facility, proud that he had at least created a weapon to protect his homeland. With Sofia and Nadia providing support from a helicopter, Lara attempts to find the source of the pathogen before an enormous cloud is released into the atmosphere and contaminates the Remnant valley.
The three women hatch a plan to channel the pathogen from three towers into the central tower, and cause it to explode, which will hopefully burn off the toxin. Lara shuts down each tower while collecting equipment, rescuing female prisoners and eliminating waves of the infected Trinity soldiers, and finally enters the core tower. While fighting off the infected soldiers, she triggers a catastrophic explosion and jumps from the tower to Nadia and Sofia's helicopter. Nadia and Lara watch the explosion as they fly to safety. Although the resulting fire burns the remaining reserves of the pathogen, documents found throughout the facility reveal that the release was no accident; Trinity reactivated the facility to acquire a sample of the pathogen, and an agent of Trinity escaped with it before the bunker was destroyed.
Blood Ties and Lara's Nightmare[edit]
Blood Ties begins with Lara reading a note from her uncle, who claims that since her mother went missing, leaving the manor in his care, he is the rightful owner of the Croft Estate. With trees working their way into the side of the manor and the roof caving in, Lara's childhood home is in desperate need of repair. She finds her father's safe and searches the manor for the clues for the safe combination, hoping to find his will proving her ownership inside. She roams around the manor, coming across various artifacts from her past, some of which she has never seen before, and finally figures out the safe combination. However, she finds no proof of her ownership inside the safe. She continues to search through the Manor among the hallways, bedrooms, studies, and the basement, eventually finding her mother's tomb underneath the grand staircase, a proof of her mother's death. With both of Lara's parents proven dead, all her parents' properties are passed on to her by law, successfully proving that Lara is the rightful owner of the Manor.
In Lara's Nightmare the sequence begins similarly to Blood Ties, but instead Lara's uncle is unwilling to give her the Manor. She fights off hordes of zombies and skulls before finding the Master Key. Finally, she kills the large skull in the main hallway, successfully ending her nightmare.


[122] GameTitle : Assassin's Creed Unity
The "Initiate" is a player of Helix, a gaming device produced by Abstergo that allows access to many different genetic memories.
The story begins with the player playing through a memory of the sacking of the Paris Temple, and the capture of Templar Grand Master Jacques de Molay, in 1307. During the sack, de Molay entrusts another Templar with a sword and a book, which the Templar hides within a French crypt shortly before being killed by an Assassin. The memory then fast forwards to de Molay's death at the stake, and his curse towards King Phillip IV and Pope Clement V.
At this point, Bishop from the Assassin Brotherhood hijacks the memory sequence and implores the player to join them as an initiate. Bishop provides an internal Abstergo video memo, in which Abstergo describes the capture of a Sage who contains precursor DNA (which is in a triple–rather than a double–helix). Abstergo goes into detail regarding the Phoenix Project, whereby Abstergo hopes to use the Sage to compile a whole precursor genome for unclear purposes. Bishop provides access to another memory segment and directs the new initiate to locate another Sage, whose corpse they hope to recover.
The memory then segues to Versailles in 1776, as Arno Dorian, a French nobleman's son, meets Elise De La Serre, daughter of the Templar Grand Master. After his father is murdered at the palace, the Grand Master De La Serre adopts Arno despite knowing his father was an Assassin; information to which Arno is oblivious. The story then skips forward 13 years, to Elise's initiation into the Templar order in 1789. Arno is given a message to deliver to Msr. De La Serre, but puts it in his office in order to sneak into the party to meet with Elise. After meeting her, Arno sneaks out, and finds Msr. De La Serre murdered in a courtyard. Arno, mistaken to be De La Serre's killer, is captured by the gendarmerie and imprisoned in the Bastille. There, he finds apocalyptic writings on the wall and impresses a fellow prisoner, the Assassin Pierre Bellec, with his fighting skills. Bellec invites Arno into the Brotherhood when they escape during the Storming of the Bastille.
Arno returns home first and is turned away by Elise, who reveals that the message Arno was supposed to deliver to her father was a warning of his impending murder, and reveals herself as a Templar. Arno joins the Brotherhood and begs for the opportunity to find and eliminate the other Templars involved in De La Serre's death, including Le Roi des Thunes ("The King of Beggars"). He is granted his request by Mirabeau, who was attempting to broker peace between the Orders with De La Serre. During the course of his investigation, Arno rescues François-Thomas Germain, a silversmith being held hostage by the Templar Grand Master Lafreniere. After killing Lafreniere, who was actually the one trying to warn De La Serre, Arno runs into Elise and realizes that Germain is the Sage, as well as the one who ordered De La Serre's murder. The Brotherhood Council begins to question Arno's loyalty as he acts rashly in his pursuit of De La Serre's killer.
Realizing that Germain's plot is intended to spark a mass revolt against the King of France, Arno assassinates two more central figures, an officer organizing a prisoner revolt (Captain Frederic Rouille) and another who was hoarding food (merchant Marie Levesque) to create the impression that the nobility was squandering resources as France starved. Arno also crosses paths with Napoleon Bonaparte, an artillery officer, while searching the Tuileries Palace for letters from the leader of the Assassins, Mirabeau, to King Louis, which the Templars could use as an excuse to purge the Assassins' agents across France. Bonaparte later helped him in taking down Captain Rouille, who served under his command during the September Massacres of September 1792. During this time, Arno saves Elise and convinces her to parley with the Brotherhood, as she confesses her own faction of the Templars are being killed by a schism led by the Sage. Mirabeau agrees, hoping to gain a massive favor from the potential future Grand Master of the Templars, and is murdered by Bellec, who intends to purge the Assassin leadership for beginning to agree with Templar beliefs. Refusing to join him, Arno kills Bellec, and escapes from the food riots and the assassination of Levesque shortly thereafter with Elise in a hot air balloon, after which Arno confesses to Elise that he still loves her.
With the Revolution in full swing, Arno tracks Germain to the execution of King Louis XVI, but chooses to stay and protect Elise rather than pursue him. Elise rejects him for the decision, and Arno is exiled from the Brotherhood for ignoring orders to pursue his personal vendetta, causing him to fall into a drunken depression. Arno languishes for several months before he is found in Versailles by Elise who convinces him to return as Paris is tearing itself apart during the Reign of Terror. Arno returns to Paris and, with Elise's help, discredits the reputation of Maximilien de Robespierre, whom Germain, now Grand Master of the Templars, had placed in charge of maintaining chaos during the Revolution. After Arno and Elise find Robespierre, who had locked himself in his office in an attempt to avoid arrest, Elise shoots Robespierre in the jaw and makes him write down the location of Germain.
Arno confronts Germain at the top of the Temple, only to find he now has the Sword of Eden. The fight eventually ends in the same Templar crypt in which the game began, where Arno strikes Germain only to have the Sword blow him backwards and trap him under rubble. Elise first attempts to help Arno out of the rubble then goes ahead to take on Germain by herself, but as Arno gets the rubble off of him and runs to protect Elise the Sword explodes, killing Elise and mortally wounding Germain. Arno then kills Germain, who in his memories confirms he is the Sage and that he wanted to purge the Templar Order of all who had forgotten the teachings of de Molay.
The game closes with Arno explaining how his understanding of the Creed has changed, and promising to watch over Paris and keep Elise's memory alive. Years later, Arno, having become a Master Assassin, recovers Germain's skeleton from the Temple and places it in the Catacombs of Paris, much to the relief of the Initiate's Assassin handler Bishop, who is now confident that Abstergo will not be able to find it.


[123] GameTitle : GUILTY GEAR Xrd -REVELATOR-
The game is set in 2187, one year after its predecessor, Guilty Gear 2: Overture.[13]
It all started in Sign's storyline, the first part is set in arcade mode each characters' own storyline, and focus on Ramlethal Valentine's arc, while the second part of the storyline is set after arcade mode's storyline on console version, focus on after capturing Ramlethal in Conclave and Justice's arc, and also served as the beginning of Elphelt Valentine's arc in the final chapter.
Later in Revelator/Rev 2, the storyline is now focusing on Elphelt Valentine and Jack-O's arc since the final chapter of Sign's story mode on console version.


[126] GameTitle : Far Cry 3
Jason Brody is on vacation with a group of friends in the Rook Islands, celebrating his younger brother Riley getting a pilot's license. However, on a skydiving trip, they land on a pirate-infested island and are kidnapped by pirate lord Vaas, who plans to sell them into slavery. Jason escapes with help from his older brother Grant, who is killed by Vaas. Jason is rescued by Dennis, who is an adopted member of the islands' native Rakyat tribe. Dennis recognizes Jason's potential as a warrior, and gives him the Tatau, the tattoos of a Rakyat warrior. Jason then helps the Rakyat in a number of missions and ends up finding one of his friends, Daisy, at the house of Dr. Earnhardt. Impressed with Jason's prowess, the Rakyat allow him to be the second (after Dennis, who is Liberian) outsider to enter their sacred temple, and their leader, Citra (later revealed to be Vaas' sister), initiates Jason into the tribe after he returns the Silver Dragon Knife, a Rakyat relic.
He runs a series of missions, during which he rescues his captive friends Keith and Oliver, and his girlfriend Liza, while simultaneously assisting the Rakyat in retaking their island with the help of Dr. Earnhardt and CIA agent Willis Huntley. After a few run-ins with Vaas, Jason discovers that Vaas is employed by Hoyt Volker, a notorious slave trader and drug lord. Jason soon matures into a fearsome warrior and, revered by the Rakyat, begins to enjoy all the killing, growing more distant from his friends in the process. After Citra asks him to stay on the island, Jason returns to Earnhardt's house and tells his friends that he is staying. Meanwhile, Jason has an affair with Citra after she drugs him and has sex with him in a hallucination.
After bidding goodbye to his friends, Jason heads to Vaas' pirate base. Believing that Jason was dead after a confrontation between the two, Vaas is celebrating Jason's death, although it transpires he was actually waiting for him. After Jason kills numerous pirates and reaches a warehouse, he and Vaas fight, but Jason enters a delusional state, fighting multiple duplicates of Vaas in a dream. He reaches a final Vaas, and after a brief struggle, impales him through the chest with the Dragon Knife and collapses right beside him. He wakes up to Citra in the Rakyat's temple, and promises to kill Hoyt for her.
After Huntley helps him get into Hoyt's island, Jason infiltrates Hoyt's personal army with the help of Sam Becker, Huntley's fellow operative. During this time, Jason discovers that Riley was not dead as led to believe, but a prisoner of Hoyt. Jason works his way into Hoyt's confidence, who eventually invites him and Sam to a poker night. After making a plan to kill Hoyt, Jason and Sam sit down at the poker game, but Hoyt, aware of their allegiance, fatally stabs Sam in the throat. Jason engages, defeats, and kills Hoyt in a knife fight, losing half a finger in the process, and finally rescues Riley, though not before receiving a call from Liza which is quickly cut off.
The two fly to Dr. Earnhardt's house to find it on fire: the dying doctor tells them that the house was attacked by the Rakyat, who have captured Jason's friends. Jason and Riley arrive at the Rakyat Temple. Jason asks Citra why his friends were captured, but she drugs him and captures Riley. Citra has fallen in love with Jason, believing him to be a powerful warrior of Rakyat legend, and that she will free him. He starts dreaming of walking a fiery path with the Dragon Knife, and having Liza as a monster in his dream. He wakes up holding Liza at knife point with the Dragon Knife, and is given the choice to either free his friends or ally with Citra.
Jason freeing his friends will result in him leaving the island, despite Citra begging him to stay. An outraged Dennis tries to stab Jason, inadvertently stabbing Citra as she chases Jason: she proclaims her love for Jason as she dies in his arms. Jason and his friends then leave the island by boat, with Jason narrating that despite becoming a monster from all the killing, he still believes that in some place in his heart he is still better than this. The game ends with a still image of the boat and the Dragon Knife in the beach while the credits roll. If Jason instead allies with Citra, the two have sex in a ritual after Jason kills Liza. Afterwards, Citra stabs Jason in the chest, telling him as he dies that their child will lead the Rakyat to glory and that he "won".


[127] GameTitle : Wolfenstein: The New Order
Three years after the destruction of the Black Sun portal, the Nazis have deployed advanced technologies, enabling them to turn the tide against the Allies. At dawn on 16 July 1946, U.S. special forces operative Captain William "B.J." Blazkowicz (Brian Bloom), accompanied by pilot Fergus Reid (Gideon Emery) and Private Probst Wyatt III (A.J. Trauth), take part in a massive Allied air raid against a fortress and weapons laboratory run by his nemesis, General Wilhelm "Deathshead" Strasse (Dwight Schultz). The three are captured and brought to a human experimentation laboratory where Deathshead forces Blazkowicz to choose who he will gruesomely kill, Fergus or Wyatt, before leaving Blazkowicz and the survivor to die in the laboratory's emergency incinerator.[8] They escape the laboratory, but Blazkowicz suffers a critical head injury during the escape, rendering him unconscious and putting him in a coma. He is brought to a psychiatric asylum in Poland, where he remains in a vegetative state for 14 years from which he is unable to awake. He is cared for by the asylum's head nurse Anya Oliwa (Alicja Bachleda) and her parents, who run the facility under the Nazi regime. Blazkowicz watches as Anya's parents are regularly forced to hand patients over to Nazi authorities, who deem them Untermenschen for their mental disabilities.[9]
In 1960, fourteen years after Blazkowicz' admission, the Nazis order that the asylum is to be shut down, killing all the patients and executing Anya's family when they resist. Blazkowicz awakens from his vegetative state as he is about to be executed, killing the extermination squad and escaping the asylum with Anya.[9] Blazkowicz and Anya drive to her grandparents' farm, where they inform him that the Nazis won the war by forcing the United States to surrender in 1948, and that the members of the ensuing Resistance were captured. Blazkowicz interrogates a captured officer from the asylum (he was hidden in the trunk of a car), learning that the top members of the Resistance are imprisoned in Berlin before brutally executing him with a chainsaw. Anya's grandparents smuggle her and Blazkowicz through a checkpoint in Stettin before they travel to Berlin. During the train ride, Blazkowicz and Anya enter into a romantic relationship.[10] When they arrive, Anya helps Blazkowicz break into the prison, where he rescues the person he spared fourteen years prior (Fergus or Wyatt)[11] and finds that the Resistance movement is a revived Kreisau Circle led by Caroline Becker (Bonita Friedericy), who was left paralyzed due to her injuries at Isenstadt.[12]
The Resistance execute an attack on a Nazi research facility in London, bombing their base of operations, stealing secret documents and prototype stealth helicopters.[13] The documents reveal the Nazis are relying on reverse-engineered technology derived from an ancient organization known as Da'at Yichud, which created such inventions as energy weapons, computer AI's, and super concrete; however, it is also revealed that someone is tampering with the super concrete's formula, making it susceptible to mold deterioration. The Resistance discover a match with Da'at Yichud member Set Roth (Mark Ivanir), who is imprisoned in a forced labor camp.[14] Blazkowicz agrees to go undercover inside the camp and meets Set, who tells him that the Nazis have been using technology made by him and other Jewish scientists to mass-produce and control robots, and offers to help the Resistance in return for the destruction of the labor camp. Blazkowicz finds a battery for a device that controls the camp robots, which he and Set then use to destroy the camp and rescue prisoners.[15]
Set reveals to the Resistance that the Nazis' discovery of one of the Da'at Yichud caches, which included advanced technology centuries ahead of its time, is what allowed Germany to surpass the Allies in military might and ultimately win the war. Set agrees to assist the Resistance by revealing the location of one such cache, but states that the Resistance requires a U-boat to access it.[16] Blazkowicz obtains a U-boat, but discovers that it is the flagship of the Nazis' submarine fleet, and is equipped with a cannon designed to fire nuclear warheads, which requires codes from the Nazi lunar research facility to operate.[17] Blazkowicz uses the technology found in the Da'at Yichud cache, namely the Spindly Torque—a sphere that destroys the super-concrete—to steal the identity of a Nazi Lunar scientist and infiltrate the Lunar Base.[18] He succeeds at obtaining the codes, but upon returning to earth, he discovers that Deathshead has mounted an assault on the Resistance base, capturing some of the members.[19]
The Resistance use the nuclear codes and the Spindly Torque to mount an assault on Deathshead's compound. Rescuing the captured resistance prisoners and evacuating them, Blazkowicz makes it to the top of the tower, struggling to Deathshead's workshop. Inside, Deathshead greets Blazkowicz, revealing to him that he possesses the brain of the soldier that Blazkowicz chose to die, and puts it in a robot. The robot comes alive and assaults Blazkowicz, who defeats it and puts his friend to rest by destroying the brain. Commandeering a larger robot mecha, Deathshead then attacks Blazkowicz, who gets the upper hand and destroys the robot, dragging Deathshead out of it. He repeatedly stabs Deathshead, who pulls out a grenade which explodes, killing Deathshead and mauling Blazkowicz. As a gravely wounded Blazkowicz crawls towards a window, he mentally recites The New Colossus as he watches the Resistance survivors boarding a helicopter, alongside Anya and Set. Seeing that they have reached safety, and bleeding heavily from his injuries, Blazkowicz orders the Resistance to fire the nuclear cannon.[20] After the credits, a helicopter is heard approaching.[5]


[128] GameTitle : Wolfenstein: The Old Blood
Wolfenstein: The Old Blood takes place in an alternate history 1946 just prior to the prologue of Wolfenstein: The New Order, with O.S.A. agents William "B.J." Blazkowicz (Brian Bloom) and Richard Wesley (taking up the codename Agent One) on a mission to once again infiltrate Castle Wolfenstein and obtain a top secret folder containing the location of SS-Oberst-Gruppenführer Wilhelm "Deathshead" Strasse from the castle's commander, Nazi archeologist and Standartenführerin Helga von Schabbs. Entering the castle disguised as Schutzstaffel officers, B.J. and Wesley fail to find the folder and are captured by Helga's lieutenant, Sturmbannführer Rudi Jäger, a massive and sadistic dog trainer who feeds captured prisoners to his mechanically augmented canines. While Wesley is dragged away by Rudi for interrogation, B.J. succeeds in escaping the prison cells and fighting his way through the castle. B.J. eventually locates Wesley strapped to an electric chair used by the Nazis for torture. Before B.J. can rescue Wesley, Rudi activates the chair and electrocutes him. Jager then feeds Wesley's dead body to his prized albino dog, Greta, and straps B.J. into the chair, shocking him as well. B.J. breaks free, injures Rudi, and kills Greta.
Escaping the castle, B.J. travels to the nearby village of Paderborn and meets up with the local German resistance leader, Ludwig Kessler, as well as Kessler's assistant Annette, a young Jewish girl whom Kessler is sheltering from the Nazis. Kessler's tavern is attacked by Nazi forces led by Rudi, wearing an experimental suit of power armor, whom B.J. defeats and kills. B.J., Kessler, and Annette flee via rowboat to the village of Wulfburg, where Helga is conducting an archeological excavation attempting to find a hidden underground vault containing occult knowledge previously possessed by King Otto I.
After meeting up with O.S.A. operative Pippa (codenamed Agent Two), B.J. disguises himself as a waiter and infiltrates the tavern where Helga is staying. Helga sees through B.J.'s disguise and captures him, but B.J. manages to escape during a massive earthquake caused by the Nazis opening the vault. The opening of the vault also releases a gas that causes anyone that dies within the vicinity of Wulfburg to reanimate as hostile, burning, zombies known as "shamblers". B.J. fights his way through the burning ruins of Wulfburg while fighting through the zombified Nazis and civilians who died in the earthquake. Agent Two is killed by a shambler, and B.J. has to kill her again when she reanimates as one. Attempting to return to Kessler and Annette, B.J. finds the two of them have gone into Wulfburg in an attempt to rescue Annette's companion, Katrin.
B.J. finds Annette and Kessler separated by a collapsing bridge and stranded on opposite buildings, and the player is given the choice of traveling to Annette's building or Kessler's building. The person B.J. travels to will be rescued by him, while the other person will be killed by the shamblers. B.J. then travels to the Nazi excavation in pursuit of Helga, finally encountering her within King Otto's vault. There he finds the source of the zombie-creating gas, an undead giant known as 'The Monstrosity,' a creature created by King Otto's alchemists as a weapon of war, then sealed away by the king after deciding it was an abomination. Helga is initially successful in using Old High German commands to control the monster, but when she attempts to order it to eat B.J., the monster fatally wounds her instead and. B.J. fights and kills The Monstrosity, then finally obtains the secret folder from a dying Helga. B.J. is extracted from Wulfburg by his friend Fergus, and the two of them embark from RAF Kinloss to assassinate Deathshead and end the war, while B.J. thinks about the nature of monsters and hopes that he can finally rest after this one final mission.


[129] GameTitle : Moon Hunters
One day in the fantasy land of Issaria, the moon does not rise.[3] As the source of all magic and spiritual power, its disappearance imbalanced the world, and the game's heroes must set out to restore the balance again.[3] Without the moon's power, monsters infest the land, causing chaos and spreading danger.[3]
The story of the game is non-linear, and changes depending on the actions of players all the way up to and including the ending.[3]


[131] GameTitle : Fallout: New Vegas
Fallout: New Vegas takes place during the year 2281 and within the region surrounding the former city of Las Vegas (now called "New Vegas"), around four years after the events of Fallout 3, and roughly around 204 years since the Great War of 2077. At the time the game begins, three major powers seek control over New Vegas and its surroundings – The New California Republic (NCR), Caesar's Legion, and Mr. House. Since their last appearance in Fallout 2, the NCR has become overextended and mismanaged, but their expansion eastwards has allowed them to gain control of the majority of territories in the Mojave, with the only threat to their expansion coming from the slave-driving, Roman army-styled forces of Caesar's Legion, led by their leader Caesar, who have conquered and united 86 tribes further to the east, and now plan to conquer New Vegas. Four years before the start of the game, both sides came into conflict at the Hoover Dam, a major landmark that supplies power to New Vegas,[7] and which both sides seek control over. As both sides prepare for a second, inevitable conflict over the dam, Mr. House, a mysterious businessman who presides over New Vegas as its de facto leader with an army of "Securitron" security robots, also seeks control of the dam while ensuring neither side gains control, and is moving towards the final stages of his plans.
Much of the game takes place in the Mojave Wasteland, which encompasses parts of the former states of California, Nevada and Arizona. Along with the three main factions, the region also has a number of minor factions which include: Boomers – a tribe of heavily armed former vault dwellers who have taken shelter at Nellis Air Force Base; Powder Gangers – a violent group of escaped convicts; Great Khans – a tribe of drug dealers and raiders; and the Brotherhood of Steel – technology-craving remnants of the U.S. Army, who are attempting to secure any technology that could cause significant harm. Along with the Hoover Dam and Nellis Air Force Base, the region has additional landmarks, including its own vaults and the HELIOS One solar energy plant.[13]
Story[edit]
The protagonist is a courier working for the Mojave Express. The game begins as the Courier is ambushed by a mobster named Benny (voiced by Matthew Perry) en route to New Vegas to deliver a mysterious item known as the "Platinum Chip". Benny shoots the Courier and leaves them for dead, taking the Chip for himself, but the Courier is rescued by a Securitron named Victor and brought back to good health by Doc Mitchell (voiced by Michael Hogan) in Goodsprings.[7] The Courier then embarks on a journey across the Mojave Wasteland to locate and confront Benny.
The game proceeds according to the Courier's decisions and involves many different events, factions, and characters. The main storyline follows the Courier's pursuit of Benny to both settle the score and retrieve the Platinum Chip. Along the way, the Courier encounters many groups of people with various problems that they can choose to assist with, ignore, or otherwise sabotage, resulting in positive or negative karma. Eventually, after finding Benny and the Chip, the Courier finds themselves in the middle of a conflict between three major factions: Caesar's Legion, a group of Roman-esque slavers, the New California Republic (NCR), an expansionist democratic federation, and Mr. House (voiced by René Auberjonois), the enigmatic de facto ruler of New Vegas, in command of an army of Securitron robots that patrols the city. Each of the three sides aim to control the Hoover Dam, which is still operational and supplying the Southwest with power and clean, non-irradiated water; thus, control of the dam means effective control of the region. It is revealed that Mr. House, a human from before the Great War and surviving via a contained life support chamber, ordered the Platinum Chip's delivery before the war. The Chip is a data storage device with a program that can upgrade the Securitrons to a greater level of combat effectiveness, and was stolen by Benny as part of a scheme to take over House's security and claim New Vegas for himself with the help of a reprogrammed Securitron named Yes Man.
The Courier is notified that Caesar's Legion is attacking Hoover Dam, and they must take part to decide the outcome. As the Legion strikes the Dam, led by the fearsome Legate Lanius, the NCR defends its position under General Lee Oliver. Depending on the faction sided with up to the battle, the Courier will either conquer the Dam for Caesar's Legion, defend it for the NCR or connect the dam's systems to House's network so either he or Yes Man can take control. The game concludes with a narrated slideshow showing and explaining the results of the Courier's actions, the battle for Hoover Dam deciding the faction that comes to power over New Vegas and the Mojave, and the fates of the various other factions based on how the player negotiated with them and which of the major factions emerged dominant.
Endings[edit]
The player then faces a choice to determine the fate of the Mojave Wasteland.

New California Republic – siding with the NCR will lead the Courier to defend Hoover Dam from the Legion. The Courier must also lead an attack on the Legate's camp where they have the choice to either convince the Legate to end the fighting peacefully, or they can kill the Legate. The NCR then wins the battle and annexes New Vegas and the entire Mojave Wasteland.
Caesar's Legion – siding with the Legion will lead the Courier to help attack Hoover Dam. The Courier must also enter Oliver's compound where they have the choice to either convince him to retreat for the sake of his men, or they can kill him. The Legion seizes Hoover Dam, forcing the NCR to retreat, allowing Caesar's Legion to gain control over New Vegas and the Mojave Wasteland.
Mr. House – siding with Mr. House will lead the Courier to enter the control room in Hoover Dam and install the override chip in order to power the Securitron Army. The Courier must also either convince both General Oliver and the Legate to stand down or they can kill them. Mr. House and his Securitrons drive both the NCR and the Legion out of Hoover Dam, taking control of it, while still running New Vegas.
Yes Man – siding with Yes Man will lead the Courier to go solo (if the Courier helps Yes Man take over New Vegas and Mr. House's Securitrons) and take over Hoover Dam for themselves. The Courier must also either convince both General Oliver and the Legate to step down, or they can kill them. The Courier and Yes Man eventually take control of Hoover Dam, while ensuring New Vegas's independence.



[134] GameTitle : Little Nightmares
A hungry nine-year-old girl named Six is trapped in The Maw – a mysterious vessel catering to the whims of sick and powerful creatures. After waking up in the lower depths of the Maw, Six decides to escape the harsh confines, having regular moments of excruciating hunger. Whilst ascending, she soon becomes stalked by the long-armed blind Janitor of the Maw, who has been capturing children and sending them on an overhead hook conveyor belt. She eventually becomes trapped by the Janitor after being lured by food, though she manages to escape. After evading the Janitor by cutting off his arms with a door, Six follows the conveyor belt upward, to a large kitchen operated by the grotesque Twin Chefs. After another bout of hunger, Six is forced to eat a live rat. The Chefs are preparing a large feast, and attempt to kill Six whenever she enters their line of sight. After managing to evade them, she finds a way out of the vessel.
Six observes a boat ferrying large and obese suited Guests, who lumber to the Japanese-style dining area of the Maw, overseen by the Lady, the supposed leader of the Maw. After wading through the feast and the Guests themselves, Six has another bout of hunger. When one of the Nomes, the recurring inhabitants of the Maw, offers her a sausage, Six eats the Nome.
Six makes her way further upwards, entering the Lady's quarters. The Lady lives very lavishly in an elegant home, with many broken mirrors throughout the rooms. Chased by the Lady, who displays magical powers, Six finds a mirror that she uses against the Lady in a battle. Defeating her, Six approaches the Lady and eats her, and by doing so, gains her magical powers.
Going downstairs to the dining area, Six walks along the tables with strange black particles swirling around her. As the Guests notice her presence, they attempt to eat her, but suddenly convulse and die as Six walks on. Six approaches a large door with an eye encrusted upon it, revealing a large staircase leading to the outside world. As she leaves the Maw behind, a few Nomes approach the door.
After the end credits, Six is seen sitting by the entrance of the Maw, presumably awaiting rescue. Meanwhile in the background a foghorn from an approaching ship can be heard.


[135] GameTitle : Assassin’s Creed IV Black Flag
Samples taken from Desmond Miles' body in the moments after his death have enabled Abstergo Industries to continue to explore his genetic memories using the Animus' newfound cloud computing abilities. The unnamed player character is hired by Abstergo Entertainment, from their Montréal headquarters, to sift through the memories of Edward Kenway, an eighteenth-century pirate, the father of Haytham Kenway and the grandfather of Ratonhnhaké:ton. Ostensibly, this is to gather material for an Animus-powered interactive feature film, but in reality, Abstergo—the Templars of the present time—are searching for a First Civilization structure known as the Observatory, and are using the memories of Edward Kenway to find it.
As Kenway, the player must unravel a conspiracy between high-ranking Templars within the British and Spanish empires who, under the guise of cleaning up piracy in the Caribbean, have used their positions to locate the Sage—later identified as Bartholomew Roberts—who is the only man that can lead them to the Observatory, a First Civilization device which can monitor anyone anywhere in the world when provided a blood sample, which they intend to use to spy on and blackmail world leaders. Kenway becomes an unwitting player in their plot when he kills a rogue Assassin, Duncan Walpole. Seeing an opportunity for profit, Kenway takes Walpole's place at a meeting of Templars in Havana, where he meets Woodes Rogers as well as Cuban Governor, and Templar Grandmaster, Laureano Torres. His recklessness endangers the entire Assassins' Order, prompting him to pursue the Sage and the conspirators from the Yucatán Peninsula to Jamaica, eventually catching Roberts on the island of Príncipe off of the African coast.
Meanwhile, a band of notorious pirates—including Edward "Blackbeard" Thatch, Benjamin Hornigold, Mary Read (under the alias "James Kidd") and Charles Vane, among others—dream of a pirate utopia where man is free to live beyond the reach of kings and rulers. With Kenway's help, they seize control of Nassau and establish a pirate republic. However, poor governance, a lack of an economy and an outbreak of disease bring the pirate state perilously close to collapse, with the founders divided on the best way forward. Kenway attempts to resolve the dispute, but is too late to stop the Templars from exploiting the situation for their own ends.
Eventually, Kenway and Roberts uncover the location of the Observatory and retrieve the artifact powering it, but Kenway is betrayed by Roberts at the last moment. After a brief stint in prison for the crimes of piracy, Edward escapes with the aid of Ah Tabai, the Assassin Mentor, and elects to join their Order. Chasing down and eliminating Roberts and the Templar conspirators, Kenway retrieves the artifact and returns it to the Observatory, sealing it away for good. He is left facing an uncertain future with his newfound convictions until he receives a letter informing him of the passing of his wife and the imminent arrival of his hitherto unknown daughter, Jennifer Scott. Kenway travels back to England, promising Ah Tabai that he will continue the fight against the Templars back home in England. Some years later, Kenway, Jennifer (using her mother's surname in her memory) and Kenway's young son Haytham are about to watch a play in an English theatre.
In the present day, the player is contacted by John, Abstergo Entertainment's information technology manager. John convinces the player that their employers know more than they are telling, and encourages them to investigate in more detail. He convinces the player to hack several Animus terminals and security cameras, and then has them deliver the information taken to Shaun Hastings and Rebecca Crane, who are working undercover to infiltrate Abstergo. When the facility is locked down after the hackings are discovered, John arranges for the player to access the Animus' core, at which point Juno materializes into an incorporeal form. She reveals that although it was necessary to open her temple to avert disaster, the world was not ready for her, and she is unable to affect it or possess the player character as her agents intended. John is unmasked as the reincarnated form of the Sage and attempts to murder the player to cover up the failed attempt at resurrecting Juno, but is killed by Abstergo's security before he can do so, thus implicating him as the one responsible for the hacks. As Roberts, the Sage admits to Kenway that he owes no allegiance to the Assassins or the Templars and instead uses whoever he thinks represents his best chance of achieving his ends. With the Sage dead, the player is contacted by the Assassins as they continue their infiltration of Abstergo, but neither side is able to explain the Sage's presence or identify his followers, the Instruments of the First Will.[note 2]


[136] GameTitle : Assassin’s Creed Brotherhood
Desmond's story continues where it left off, in 2012. After escaping the Templars' attack at the end of Assassin's Creed II, Desmond Miles, Lucy Stillman, Rebecca Crane, and Shaun Hastings flee to Monteriggioni, establishing a new hideout in the ruins of the Villa Auditore. After restoring the electricity in the old tunnels under the villa, the player once again takes control of Ezio Auditore through Desmond's genetic memory, using the Animus 2.0 (which is the game's memory interface). Their mission is to find the Apple of Eden, an important and mysterious artifact that could prevent the impending disaster that is coming in that same year, believed to be perpetrated by the Templars.
Ezio's story continues in 1499, where he exits the Vault, confused by what he saw inside. He escapes Rome with his uncle, Mario Auditore, and returns to Monteriggioni. Once home, Ezio is comforted by the prospect that his personal vendetta is over; however, Niccolò Machiavelli challenges Ezio's decision to leave Rodrigo Borgia (now Pope Alexander VI) alive. The following morning - New Year’s Day - Monteriggioni is besieged by Cesare Borgia, son of Rodrigo. Mario is killed at the hands of Cesare himself, and the Apple lost to Cesare and the Templars. Ezio escapes with his family and travels once more to Rome, the center of Templar power in Italy, once again seeking vengeance against the Borgias. There, he discovers that the Assassins are failing in their fight against corruption. Determined to rebuild the Guild, Ezio convinces Machiavelli that he has what it takes to lead while assembling a Brotherhood powerful enough to destroy the Templars and his new nemesis, Cesare.
Over the next four years, Ezio executes various tasks meant to cripple the Borgias' hold in the capital, sabotaging Cesare's resources and assassinating key people close to and/or working with him in the process, and slowly restoring Rome to its former glory. After returning the Roman Assassins to full strength, Ezio is given the rank of Il Mentore (Italian for "The Mentor"), and made de facto leader of the Assassins in Italy. During this time, Ezio's sister Claudia is also made an Assassin.
Cesare, learning of Ezio's actions, confronts his suspicious father and desperately asks for more money, and the Apple itself. Rodrigo refuses, cautious of provoking the Assassins, and attempts to poison his son, realizing that Cesare's lust for power can't be held at bay. Cesare, however, turns the tables on his father and kills him instead. Ezio witnesses this and, after learning of the Apple's location, retrieves it from within St. Peter's Basilica. Ezio uses it to overwhelm Cesare's forces and gradually withdraw the backing of his supporters; Cesare is finally arrested by Pope Julius II's Papal Army after Ezio and the Assassins confront him and kill his remaining followers.
Sometime later, Ezio uses the Apple once more to check on Cesare, who has broken out of prison and, after gaining the support of his new patron, John III of Navarre, laid siege to the city of Viana, in Navarre. Ezio encounters Cesare on the battlements of a crumbling castle and fights him. Cesare claims that he cannot be killed by the hand of a mortal man, thus inciting Ezio to "leave [him] in the hands of fate" by dropping him off the battlements to his death. Ezio then takes the Apple and hides it in a First Civilization Temple built underneath Santa Maria in Aracoeli.
Using the coordinates taken from Ezio's memories, Desmond, Lucy, Shaun and Rebecca travel to the Temple, intending to use the Apple to locate the remaining Temples and keep the other Pieces of Eden out of the Templars' hands. As Desmond makes his way into the Temple, he is confronted with holographic apparitions of a being called Juno, who appears to be of the same race as Minerva; however, she is neither audible nor visible to Lucy, Shaun, or Rebecca. Most of her comments center on humanity's lack of knowledge. She states that humanity is "innocent and ignorant;" that people were not built to be wise, having been given only five of the six senses: sight, smell, taste, touch, and hearing, but lacking knowledge. Her careful cadence then drops, as she suddenly becomes angry, yelling, "We should have left you as you were!"
As Desmond approaches the Apple and touches it, time freezes around him, though he can still move and speak. Juno cryptically states that Desmond is descended from her race, and is their enemy; she also says there is a woman who would accompany him through "the gate," but must not be allowed to. She takes control of Desmond's body and forces him to stab Lucy in the abdomen. Both fall to the ground, with Lucy dead and Desmond entering a coma. As the credits roll, two men are heard discussing whether to put Desmond back in the Animus.


[137] GameTitle : The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim Special Edition
The player character is a prisoner being led to an Imperial execution in Helgen. Alduin unexpectedly interrupts the procession, destroying the town before the player can be executed. The player escapes in the chaos and journeys to the city of Whiterun to request aid against the dragon threat. After slaying a different dragon that attacks nearby, the player absorbs the dragon's soul which grants them the ability to perform a shout. The city's guards inform the player that they must be Dragonborn. The player is summoned to meet with the Greybeards, an order of monks who live in seclusion. The Greybeards train the player in using shouts and inform the player of their role in stopping Alduin. The player learns that Skyrim's civil war is the last in a sequence of prophetic events foretold by the Elder Scrolls, which also predicted the return of Alduin.
The player later meets with members of the Blades, an order of dragon hunters. The player and the Blades travel to Alduin's Wall, a prophetic engravement, to learn that ancient Nords used a special shout against Alduin so they could engage him. To gain more information, the player meets the ancient dragon Paarthurnax, the leader of the Greybeards. Paarthurnax reveals that Alduin was cast into the currents of time by the use of an Elder Scroll in the hope that he would never reemerge. The player locates the Elder Scroll and uses it to peer through a window in time and learn the shout to combat Alduin. The player battles with Alduin, who then flees to Sovngarde, the Nordic afterlife, to gain strength by devouring the souls of deceased Nords.
The player summons and traps a dragon named Odahviing, and learns from him that Alduin has fled to Sovngarde through a portal located at an ancient fort called Skuldafn. Odahviing agrees to fly the player to Skuldafn, claiming Alduin has shown himself as weak and undeserving of leadership over the dragon race by fleeing from the Dragonborn. The player enters Sovngarde and travels to the Hall of Valor. There, they meet up with the three heroes of Nordic legend who defeated Alduin originally. With their help, the player defeats Alduin once and for all.


[138] GameTitle : Minecraft: Story Mode - Season Two
This is a broad overview of the plot. Certain decisions made by the player will alter details of specific events.


[139] GameTitle : Thief: Deadly Shadows
The game begins when Garrett steals a rare opal from a nobleman's castle. After fencing it, he is contacted by Keeper Artemus to steal two Artifacts; The Builder's Chalice and the Jacknall's Paw, in exchange for access to the Keeper Prophecies. After hearing about a coming Dark Age, Garrett reads about a lost book, the Compendium of Reproach, which supposedly offers information about it. Garrett manages to steal it, the "Glyph" Key required to open it and the third Artifact, the Kurshok Crown. The Keepers read the Compendium's prophecy, including: "When the progress of time ceases, the evil one will be pointed out for all to see". Not willing to wait, Garrett realizes that the prophecy might be referring to the clocktower in the city being stopped rather than time itself, and so Garrett sabotages its gigantic mechanism, stopping the clock but causing the entire clocktower to collapse, after which it appears to point directly at First Keeper Orland's office.
Caduca, the Keepers' Interpreter of the Prophecies, is found murdered. Orland blames Garrett for it, and fixes a trial where Garrett is "found" guilty. Garrett manages to escape, causing Orland to send the Keeper Enforcers, an elite unit of telepathically-connected assassins, after Garrett. Garrett is contacted by a group of friendly Keepers, mentioning that the clocktower's rubble forms an arrow which points directly at the Keeper Library instead. Orland plans to promote a young girl named Gamall to replace Caduca. Garrett believes that Orland is the "Brethren and Betrayer" mentioned in Keeper prophecy, so he returns to the deserted lower library of the Keeper Compound, and finds a note addressed to him. Garrett then encounters a mysterious old woman, who uses Glyph magic to bring the nearby Keeper statues to life and instructs them to search for Garrett and kill him. The woman vanishes and Garrett eventually escapes the ambush.
Garrett visits Inspector Drept and mentions the old woman, whom Drept realizes to be the Hag. Drept advises Garrett to search the abandoned Shalebridge Cradle, as that was where Drept first saw the Hag. The Cradle had once been an orphanage, and then an insane asylum. The building was abandoned after a fire broke out, killing all its asylum inhabitants, and became a dark and haunted place. In the attic of the Cradle, Garrett finds a painting and the glowing white spirit of the young girl Gamall, who is actually Lauryl. It beckons Garrett to help her trapped spirit leave the Cradle, by finding her old belongings and removing them from the building. To do this, Garrett returns to the past by entering a cage with a belonging of an asylum patient, taking on his/her appearance. However, Garrett is no longer able to leave, as the Cradle now remembers him. Garrett enters the past as himself and tricks the Cradle into "thinking" that he had committed suicide by jumping out of the highest tower, landing safely outside in the present time. Lauryl's spirit leads Garrett to her secret tomb, which is covered in magical Glyphs left by the Hag, enabling her to use Lauryl's appearance. Years ago, the Hag killed Lauryl for the purpose of becoming Interpreter, so she could harness the Glyphs and destroy the Keepers. Garrett washes away the Glyph marks on Lauryl's grave with her own blood. Gamall the Hag, about to become Interpreter in a ceremony, loses her disguise and is revealed to be a hideous monster, and attacks the Keepers, ruins the Library and flees.
The Hag has found the Final Glyph, and has stolen two Artifacts from the Keepers. Orland wants Garrett to find Gamall's hidden lair, learn what she wants the Artifacts for, kill her, and find and destroy the Final Glyph. Inside Gamall's underground lair, Garrett steals back the Chalice and the Paw, and discovers the Glyph of Unbinding, hidden there by Gamall years ago. Keeper Artemus appears in Gamall's lair, and reading a map they discover that the five Artifacts - the Eye, the Heart, the Crown, the Chalice, and the Paw — must be placed in specific locations in the City to activate the Final Glyph, a safeguard in case the Keeper Glyphs are used for evil, which, when activated, all Glyph magic and Keepers' power will be destroyed. Garrett goes to the Wieldstrom Museum in Auldale to steal the remaining three Artifacts before the Hag is able to find them herself. Keeper Artemus is waiting for Garrett outside the Museum and asks him to hand over the Artifacts. Orland then hurriedly appears and tells Garrett that he activate and not destroy the Final Glyph. Keeper Artemus turns out to be the Hag in disguise and kills Orland.
Garrett places the Artifacts into the corresponding positions to activate the Final Glyph, causing all Keeper Glyph magic to be destroyed. The Keeper's key symbol burns into his hand as he places the final Artifact, revealing Garrett to be the One True Keeper mentioned in Keeper prophecies. The Hag and her walking statues lose all their Glyph powers. All the magical Glyphs in Keeper books have disappeared, and the Keeper Library is visible to citizens being no longer concealed by Glyph magic. The Hammerites discover the Chalice where Garrett put it in the Hammerites' Fort Ironwood to activate the Final Glyph. The Pagans similarly discover the Paw where Garrett put it in the Pagan-controlled Docks to activate the Final Glyph.
In the final scene, Garrett catches a young girl attempting to pickpocket him, saying, "It's no easy thing to see a Keeper, especially one who does not wish to be seen", hearkening back to young Garrett's first encounter with Keeper Artemus in The Dark Project.


[140] GameTitle : Oxenfree
Alex (Erin Yvette), a teenager, is on the last ferry heading to the fictional Edwards Island for a weekend party. She is accompanied by Ren (Aaron Kuban), her stoner friend, and Jonas (Gavin Hammon), her new stepbrother. On the island, Alex and company meet Clarissa (Avital Ash), Alex's late brother Michael's ex-girlfriend, and Nona (Brittani Johnson), Clarissa's best friend and Ren's love interest. Ren notes that the island's only permanent resident, Maggie Adler, has recently died. After camping on the beach, Alex, Ren, and Jonas explore the nearby caves, where it is rumored certain radio frequencies cause supernatural events. In a small cavern, Alex tunes her radio and unexpectedly forms a rift. A voice answers and the teens experience visions before passing out. Jonas and Alex awake in front of Harden Tower. Ren calls, having passed out in the woods, while Clarissa calls from the decommissioned military fort on the island.
In the woods, Jonas and Alex encounter supernatural events, including Alex's reflection in the water communicating with her, objects moving on their own, and time looping repeatedly. Time corrects when Alex plays a magnetophon. They spot Nona, who claims she saw an alternate Jonas and Alex. Alex and Jonas find Ren, but after another time loop they find him possessed by a "ghost". Using the radio, Alex creates another rift which returns Ren to normal. Ren and Nona return to the tower.
At the military fort, Alex's reflection appears in a mirror, giving Alex advice. A ghost then questions them and possesses Jonas, revealing that the ghosts are the passengers of the submarine USS Kanaloa, thought lost at sea. Alex creates another rift that revives Jonas. They find Clarissa, but time loops to her jumping to her death, and then disappearing. Nona, Alex, Jonas and Ren regroup at Harden Tower. Unable to send a radio transmission off the island, Ren suggests finding the key to Maggie Adler's estate, where she kept a boat. The group go to Adler's estate. A possessed Clarissa talks with Ren; her conversations and scattered letters left behind by Maggie Adler reveal that Adler mistakenly interpreted scrambled messages from Kanaloa as an enemy transmission, and the submarine was sunk by friendly fire. The crew were not killed, however, but transported to another dimension due to the sub's experimental nuclear reactor. Adler and her friend Anna attempted to communicate with the Kanaloa crew via a radio, but Anna was absorbed through the gateway. The Kanaloa crew intend on using Alex and her friends' bodies to escape the dimension, keeping them on the island long enough for their possession attempts to be successful.
Alex and the group discover Maggie Adler's plan to fix the temporal tears—tranposing onto the other side and tuning within. Alex repeatedly has visions of the past, including talking with Michael. Alex and Jonas head to a lookout post to unlock a bomb shelter to find another way into the cave. A ghost possesses Jonas and attempts to bargain with Alex, offering to spare her and the rest of her friends if they leave Clarissa behind. Inside the caves, Alex tunes into a rift that sends her into a void. Encountering the possessed Clarissa, Alex is warned that she will die if the rift is closed, but Clarissa will be kept if she goes through the portal. Alex can choose to leave, erasing Clarissa from existence; close the portal herself, trapping her with the ghosts; or, if she has found enough letters from Maggie Adler, Alex can appeal to the crew members directly, convincing them to let Clarissa and her go. The reflection of Alex seen throughout the game is revealed to be Alex from the future. She then loops back to a conversation to Michael, who admits that he and Clarissa are planning to move away from town. Time then corrects.
Alex wakes up with Jonas, Nona, Clarissa and Ren on the ferry back home, with Jonas informing her that whatever she did fixed the rift and that everything is normal. Everyone reveals that, for a limited period, they revisited past memories. They then swear to not tell anyone about their experiences. Nona takes a final group picture.
Endings[edit]
In an epilogue, Alex reveals the fate of the characters, with Nona's picture shown and the endings dependent on actions made during the game:

Clarissa's friendship with Alex and Michael can be either preserved or destroyed, or Clarissa can be sacrificed to the rift, with no one remembering Clarissa except Alex herself. If she is saved she will either drop out of school or continue her studies.
Ren will either date or not date Nona depending on Alex's actions.
Nona goes to a ballet school, and may or may not be in a long-distance relationship with Ren.
Jonas's relationship with Alex can be either preserved and destroyed.
Michael can be revived if Alex encourages him not to move away in the time loop. If so, Jonas and Alex will cease to be step-siblings. The player's actions can either destroy or preserve Michael's relationship with Clarissa.

Delivering a statement on her own experience, Alex can ether go to college in or out of her hometown or take time off. Thereafter, the screen flickers and Alex tells the player she is going to meet up with Clarissa, Ren and Nona to go to Edward's Island and she is picking up Jonas, whom she has never met, revealing that time is still looping.
If the player continues the timeline in the Game+ ending, Alex has the chance to send herself a message from the island. After the epilogue, a new scene plays of Alex, Jonas, and Ren at a supermarket waiting to buy alcohol before getting on the ferry. Tuning her radio, Alex receives the message her future self sent from the island. Depending on the message sent and how the player responds, Alex, Jonas, and Ren can decide not to go to Edwards Island at all, preventing the loop.


[141] GameTitle : Batman: Arkham Origins
On Christmas Eve, Batman intervenes in a jailbreak at Blackgate Penitentiary led by Black Mask, who executes Police Commissioner Loeb and escapes. Left to battle the hired assassin Killer Croc, Batman prevails but learns that Croc is the first of eight of the world's deadliest assassins in Gotham City vying to claim a $50 million bounty placed on Batman's head by Black Mask.[71] Hoping to learn Black Mask's location, Batman tracks the Penguin to his ship. There, he defeats assassins Deathstroke and Electrocutioner and learns from the Penguin that Black Mask was purportedly murdered at an apartment complex. Batman investigates the murder scene, learning that the victim was not Black Mask and that the murder may have involved a criminal known as "the Joker".[80]
Needing more information to solve the case, Batman breaks into the GCPD to access its national criminal database. While escaping, he encounters Captain James Gordon, who is distrusting of Batman, and the corrupt SWAT team, who hope to collect the bounty money for themselves. Following advice from Gordon's daughter Barbara, Batman enters the sewers beneath the GCPD for permanent access to the database and finds Black Mask's crew planting explosives. Using the database, Batman deduces that Black Mask was kidnapped by the Joker, presumably to access the Gotham Merchants Bank.[80] At the bank, Black Mask removes his disguise for Batman and reveals himself as the Joker; having assumed Black Mask's identity several days prior, the Joker seized his criminal empire and imposed the bounty on Batman.[81] Batman chases the Joker to the Sionis Steel Mill, where he frees Black Mask and defeats the poisonous assassin Copperhead.[82]
Tracking the Joker to the Gotham Royal Hotel, Batman discovers that the villain and his men have filled the hotel with explosives, murdered the staff, and taken the guests hostage. The Joker berates the assassins for their failure to kill Batman, throwing Electrocutioner out a window to his death: Batman recovers his electric gloves. The assassins leave, except for Bane, who thinks Batman is coming for the Joker. After traversing the building, Batman finds the Joker on the roof but is forced to battle Bane. Thinking Batman is outmatched, Alfred alerts the police so they will intervene. As Bane escapes by helicopter, he fires a rocket at the Joker, who is thrown from the hotel by the concussive force. Batman saves the Joker, leaving him with the police. Puzzled by the events, the Joker is imprisoned in Blackgate under the care of Dr. Harleen Quinzel; he tells Quinzel that he and Batman were destined to meet.[83][84]
In the Batcave, Alfred begs Batman to abandon his crusade, fearing he will die, but Batman refuses. Infiltrating Bane's headquarters, Batman learns that his true identity as Bruce Wayne has been uncovered by the villain. Firefly attacks the Pioneers Bridge, forcing Batman and Gordon to work together to incapacitate the assassin and his bombs.[85] Meanwhile, Bane breaks into the Batcave and nearly kills Alfred. Batman finds the cave in ruins and Alfred dying, but he is able to revive him with Electrocutioner's gloves. Elsewhere, the Joker has taken over Blackgate after inciting a riot.[86]
Realizing he needs allies, Batman works with Gordon and the police to retake the prison. Sitting at the electric chair, the Joker offers Batman a choice: kill Bane, or allow Bane's heartbeat to charge the chair and kill the Joker.[87] Batman uses the electric gloves to stop Bane's heart. Satisfied, the Joker leaves, intending to detonate bombs placed around the city.[88] Batman revives Bane, who injects himself with a steroid that transforms him into a hulking beast. He loses the ensuing battle to Batman and suffers amnesia as a side effect from the steroid, thus preserving Batman's secret identity.[89] With Gordon's help, Batman locates the Joker in the prison chapel. Dismayed that Bane is still alive, the Joker tries to goad Batman into killing him but Batman subdues him instead.[86][90] Gordon chooses not to pursue Batman, believing he can help the city.[91] In a radio interview during the credits, Quincy Sharp says he will lobby to reopen Arkham Asylum to house the city's worst criminals;[92] after the credits, an imprisoned Deathstroke is approached by Amanda Waller to join her Suicide Squad.[69][72]


[142] GameTitle : Half-Life 2: Episode One
After the explosion of the Citadel reactor from which Gordon was extracted by the G-Man and where Alyx Vance was left behind, time suddenly freezes. Several Vortigaunts appear and rescue Alyx from the blast. After she is rescued, the Vortigaunts appear before the G-Man and stand between him and Gordon. They teleport Gordon away from the scene, much to the G-Man's displeasure.
D0g retrieves Gordon out from under some junk outside the Citadel, and Gordon reunites with Alyx, who is relieved to see him. Alyx contacts Eli Vance and Isaac Kleiner, who have escaped the city, and is informed the Citadel's core is at risk of exploding at any moment. Kleiner states the explosion could be large enough to level the whole of City 17, and the only way for them to survive is to re-enter the Citadel and slow the core's progression toward meltdown. Eli reluctantly agrees when he sees no other option.
Alyx and Gordon re-enter the now-decaying Citadel to try to stabilize the core; Gordon is successful in re-engaging the reactor's containment field, which delays the explosion. Alyx discovers the Combine are deliberately accelerating the destruction of the Citadel to send a "transmission packet" to the Combine's homeworld. She downloads a copy of the message, which causes the Combine to prioritize them as targets. Alyx also downloads a transmission from Dr. Judith Mossman, in which she mentions a "project" she has located, before she is cut off by a Combine attack. Afterwards, Alyx and Gordon board a train to escape the Citadel.
The train derails en route, forcing the duo to proceed on foot. As they fight through the disorganized Combine forces and rampant alien infestations, Kleiner appears on the screens Breen once used to pass out propaganda, and gives out useful updates to the evacuating citizens about the latest turn of events as well as reiterating the Citadel's imminent collapse. Alyx and Gordon eventually meet up with Barney Calhoun and a group of other survivors who are preparing to move on a train station to escape City 17. Alyx and Gordon provide cover for the passengers as they board.
To keep the survivors safe, Alyx and Gordon opt to take a different train. They manage to escape just as the reactor begins to detonate; the energy sends out the Combine's message. Several pods containing Combine Advisors are ejected from the Citadel as it detonates. The resulting shockwave catches the train, derailing it.


[143] GameTitle : Max Payne 3
Nine years after the events of the second game, Max Payne (James McCaffrey) has retired from the NYPD and spends his days at a bar in Hoboken, New Jersey, nursing his alcoholism and an addiction to painkillers. One evening, a man named Raul Passos (Julian Dean) approaches Max and offers him a new job, which Max turns down. But, during a drunk and violent argument, Max shoots the son of local mob boss Anthony DeMarco (Ray Iannicelli), who puts a price on his head and orders the entirety of New Jersey's crime underlings to kill Max. After killing most of his gang with Passos' help, Max decides to leave his old life behind, taking Passos' job offer as a private security contractor in South America.
Max and Passos work for the wealthy Branco family in São Paulo, consisting of three brothers: Rodrigo (Frank Rodriguez), a real-estate mogul; Victor (Robert Montano), a local politician who aspires to be the city's next mayor; and Marcelo (Dillon Porter), a hard-partying socialite. At a private party, Max saves Rodrigo and his trophy wife Fabiana (Benedita Pereira) from an attempted kidnapping by members of the Comando Sombra, a favela street gang. A few nights later, as Max escorts Fabiana and her friends to a nightclub, the gang attacks again, successfully kidnapping Fabiana and demanding a ransom of $3 million. Max and Passos deliver the ransom to a local football stadium to make the exchange, but the deal is disrupted by the Crachá Preto, an outlaw, right-wing paramilitary unit, who kill the Comando Sombra and steal the money. After escaping the stadium, Max and Passos raid a Comando Sombra base along the Tiete river to rescue Fabiana, but are unable to prevent the gang's leader, Serrano, from escaping with her. After they report their failure to the Brancos, Victor suggests they rely on Armando Becker (Ubirajara de Castro) and his special police unit Unidade de Forças Especiais (UFE) to oversee Fabiana's safe return. Victor, Passos, Marcelo and Becker leave via helicopter, moments before the Crachá Preto abruptly raid the Branco offices.
Max fights off the Crachá Preto and returns to Rodrigo's secured office to find him assassinated. Upon interrogating a wounded Crachá Preto soldier, Max learns that Fabiana is being held by Serrano in the Nova Esperança favela and that the Crachá Preto raid was meant for Max, as vengeance for the deaths of their operatives at the stadium. Blaming himself for what has transpired, Max swears off alcohol, shaves his head, and informs Victor and Marcelo that he is going undercover into Nova Esperança to save Fabiana. He gets lost in the sprawling favela, but is assisted by Detective Wilson Da Silva (Stephen Girasuolo), who reveals that the Crachá Preto have engaged in illicit deals with the Brancos, and suspects that Victor and UFE might also be involved. Max eventually finds Fabiana, only for her to be executed by Serrano. Marcelo and Fabiana's sister Giovanna (Shirley Rumierk) are kidnapped, as the UFE raid the favela. Max follows the raid and witnesses UFE collaborate with the Crachá Preto, selling them the people they arrested during the assault. Max then witnesses the Crachá Preto necklace Marcelo, and escapes with Giovanna. Fleeing from the militia, Giovanna is rescued by Passos, but Max is abandoned, later saved by Da Silva.
Da Silva reveals that Passos worked for Victor until he hired Max. Max remembers that when he and Passos worked as security for Marcelo's yacht party, which was attacked by military brigands in the Panama Canal, he escaped the yacht to find Marcelo and Passos trying to drive away with unknown cargo. Max realizes that he was recruited by Passos to be the fall guy for whatever illicit activity the Brancos were involved in. Da Silva deduces that Max was set up by Passos and Victor, so the latter would gain access to his brother's wealth and garner sympathy for the upcoming mayoral elections. He then informs Max about a rundown hotel where the Crachá Preto and UFE are seen delivering prisoners. After Max discovers it is the base for a black market organ theft ring and corrupt UFE officers are being paid to deliver the detainees for organ harvesting, he frees the remaining detainees, including Serrano, who subsequently kills the corrupt surgeon performing the organ removals.
Max sets explosives to destroy the entire complex, but is held at gunpoint by Crachá Preto's leader, Alvaro Neves. Passos reappears, kills Neves and flies Max out as the building implodes. Afterwards, Passos explains that Marcelo and Victor forced him to cooperate in getting Rodrigo to finance Victor. Passos apologizes to Max, who forgives him, before he flees the city with Giovanna, who is pregnant with his child. Da Silva suggests that Max stage his surrender to the police in order to find incriminating evidence linking the UFE and Victor to the crimes of the Crachá Preto and the Comando Sombra. After doing so, Max escapes into UFE headquarters as planned, finding evidence that a UFE lieutenant named Bachmayer killed Rodrigo. After Max kills Bachmayer, he confronts Becker, but is held at gunpoint by Victor, who explains that he ordered the Crachá Preto to ambush the stadium exchange; the organ harvesting ring was funded by the stolen ransom money.
Victor and Becker escape to the airport with Max in pursuit. After an intense shootout with the UFE, Max catches up with them as they are preparing to board a jet. Becker (toting a grenade launcher) and his men try to stop Max and allow Victor time to escape, but Max shoots and detonates one of Becker's grenades in mid-air, giving the player the option to either kill Becker, or allow him to die from his wounds. With Da Silva driving in pursuit, Max disables Victor's plane, and approaches an injured Victor with the intent to kill him, but he relents after Da Silva persuades him to spare Victor so that he will answer for the crimes he committed. Victor taunts Max that he will be set free, and Max responds by breaking his leg.
A week later in Bahia, Max finds out that the remains of Becker's UFE battalion has been dissolved due to their ties to the illegal organ harvesting ring, while Victor is found dead, hanged in his prison cell. Finally having attained some solace, Max walks into the sunset.


[144] GameTitle : Furi
A mysterious man spends his existence receiving endless torture within a highly advanced prison, composed of ten islands floating in orbit above a planet's surface. At the beginning of the game, an enigmatic man wearing a rabbit disguise who is known as The Voice, frees the Stranger, gives him a sword and gun, and encourages him to fight for his freedom.
The Stranger must navigate each area, wherein dwells a single powerful guardian who exists only to prevent him from escaping: The Chain, a sadistic staff-wielding jailor who tortured the stranger; The Strap, a prisoner armed with a laser cannon on her head driven mad from her imprisonment; The Line, a wise old man who wields a sword longer than his body and can manipulate time; The Scale, a vengeful diver armed with twin harpoons; The Hand, a noble knight who was responsible for imprisoning the Stranger in the first place; The Song, an angelic woman armed with twin crossbows who conceived the prison; The Burst, a sniper and master tactician; The Edge, an oar-wielding warrior who dedicated his life to fighting The Stranger; and The Beat, a young woman who strives to guard the final door.
Upon defeating The Beat, the Stranger is freed from the prison and is able to wander along the planet he was imprisoned from. He realizes that his mere presence destroys all physical structures on the planet, including living things. Upon further exploration of the planet, he meets The Voice, who claims to have designed the prison to protect the planet, but wished to escape it so that he could see his daughter again, who was outside the prison. Later exploring the planet more, the Stranger ventures into a structure which holds an attachable device he uses to fly off the planet and into space to meet The Star, the mothership who created him, and many other clones like him. She calls him Rider.
The game contains two normal endings, and a secret ending. When facing The Star, Rider can decide to either assimilate the planet or refuse to obey the mothership, thus prompting the tenth and final boss fight against The Star. By assimilating the planet, Rider allows The Star to send out an army of other warriors like him to invade the planet. By refusing to obey the mothership and canceling the invasion, Rider battles and destroys The Star, preventing the planet from being invaded. The secret ending can occur by accepting The Song's offer to stay in her sanctuary-like section of the prison, where she will provide for The Rider. She claims that this will make her the hero of all her people.[1]


[146] GameTitle : GUILTY GEAR Xrd -SIGN-
The game is set in 2187, one year after its predecessor, Guilty Gear 2: Overture.[13]
It all started in Sign's storyline, the first part is set in arcade mode each characters' own storyline, and focus on Ramlethal Valentine's arc, while the second part of the storyline is set after arcade mode's storyline on console version, focus on after capturing Ramlethal in Conclave and Justice's arc, and also served as the beginning of Elphelt Valentine's arc in the final chapter.
Later in Revelator/Rev 2, the storyline is now focusing on Elphelt Valentine and Jack-O's arc since the final chapter of Sign's story mode on console version.


[147] GameTitle : The Testament of Sherlock Holmes
In London, 1898, Holmes successfully solves a new case by retrieving a priceless set of jewels that had been stolen for Scotland Yard's new acting Inspector, Inspector Bayne. The following morning, an article in the newspaper accuses Holmes of the theft; Baynes arrives and with the necklace, which is revealed as a cheap imitation and everything seems to incriminate the detective. However, there is no solid evidence against Holmes, and he says he will look into it further.
Holmes tells Watson he has an immediate appointment with the Bishop of Knightsbridge. Upon arriving, he discovers that the bishop has been tied up, burnt and mutilated, as well as a finger that presumably belongs to one of the murderers. Holmes deduces that the culprits had been low class workers, who had been hired, and given a special poison that caused a form of psychotic madness. Upon further investigation, Holmes pinpoints the location where he believes the men to have worked, a cemetery in Whitechapel. The player is then given a choice where to go next. To visit the cemetery, or to a local prison which houses a poison manufacturer.
Wanting to learn more about the poisoning case, Holmes goes to the prison, to interview Hans Scheilman, the Rat Killer. Holmes manages to get Scheilman what he wants in return from information on the poison. A fire begins in the cellblocks, causing confusion among the guards. Watson volunteers to help make sure the prisoners are all still in their cells only to discover that Scheilman has escaped. Holmes and Watson leave, and wait out behind the prison, where Holmes claims to be meeting someone. Spotting a figure nearby, Watson realizes that Holmes helped Scheilman to escape. Watson is enraged that Holmes aided in the escape, and made him an accomplice. Holmes insists that it was necessary, though he will not say why, yet. He tells Watson he will meet him at the next investigation.
Holmes meets with Watson in Whitechapel the following morning, where Prince Woodville, a heir to the throne, is feeding the homeless and destitute. Holmes and Watson examine the cemetery and find directions to a house, which they follow, leading them to a deceased man, missing a finger, who was mauled by his dogs. They look around his apartment and find clues that indicate he was involved in the Bishop's murder. They also find opium paraphernalia. They perform an autopsy and discover that his opium had been laced with the same poison that had been used on the Bishop. They go to the nearby opium den and discover the other men involved in the murder, though they are apprehended by Scotland Yard. Holmes and Watson leave, despite Watson's protests.
Holmes wants to question the Bishop's nephew, Henry. They go to the address where he rents a room, and discover that someone had been watching the house. They check his room, and notice that he had left in a hurry, and even more worryingly, appears to be armed. They find clues that indicate he is laying low at the Wharf 321. Holmes heads to the Wharf, along with his dog, Toby, to track down Henry. He finds him within a smelting plant, however Henry holds Holmes at gunpoint, but is accidentally knocked into molten metal by Toby, killing him.
With the trail dead, Holmes decides to visit O'Farley, a journalist who had written a slanderous article accusing Holmes of the theft of the necklace. O'Farley rushes out when Holmes arrives. Holmes takes the opportunity to break into and search his office. Discovering that he seems intent on proving Holmes is a fraud, has information on Prince Woodville and also had a visitor, whom left moments before Holmes arrived. Holmes discovers a secret exit, that the visitor used, and pieces together that the visitor was a judge. Holmes investigates clues to determine who the judge was, and discovers that it was Sir Coutes Beckett.
Holmes and Watson go to Beckett's, house and break in. Holmes leaves a mysterious package on Beckett's desk. They discover that Beckett's has a collection of evidence against Holmes, making Watson suspicious. He and Holmes leave, though Watson spots Beckett and insists on talking to him. Holmes says that he is leaving, but Watson stays, and approaches the house, which suddenly explodes, causing Watson to be knocked out cold.
Holmes disappears, and is now wanted for questioning about the explosion. Watson is taken to Scotland Yard and questioned while the police ransack their Baker Street home. Watson returns, and looks for clues to figure out where Holmes went. The clues indicate that he is in disguise and hiding at a rented room in Whitechapel. Watson goes there and confronts Holmes, who is disguised as an old woman. Holmes tells Watson he is heading out of the city to continue the investigation.
They arrive at a Sawmill, which is inhabited by three Russian anarchists, who seem to be representative of the three wise monkeys (One is blind, one is deaf, one is mute), who Watson holds up and questions while Holmes looks around upstairs, finding the body of a deceased magician who previously lived there. Holmes sets the place on fire, causing a panic among the brothers, who flee when Watson calls out to Holmes. One of the Brothers warns that Sherlock Holmes is dangerous and shouldn't be trusted. Baynes and the police arrive to look for Holmes. Watson informs them Holmes is upstairs. Baynes goes after him alone and is soon thrown from the window. Holmes is branded a murderer and is hunted. Watson arrives at Baker Street, where he finds Holmes. After a brief stand off, Holmes shoots himself.
Needing closure, Watson continues the investigation, which leads him to the sewers, where he finds Holmes being beaten by two thugs. He frees Holmes, and they return to Baker Street. Holmes apologises to Watson for his behaviour and reveals that he needed to fake his death in order to continue the investigation unhindered. Holmes reveals everything he knows to Watson. Professor Moriarty has been plotting to cause panic by poisoning the poor of London, using the same poison used on the bishop, which is being mass-produced by Scheilman, by mixing it into the soup from Prince Woodville's soup carts. This would cause the poisoned people to riot and kill anyone in their way, and then eventually die themselves from the poison, which would result in the deaths of thousands. As well as this he planned on removing the queen from power. This would create mass hysteria and a massive power vacuum, which Moriarty would fill by putting Prince Woodville on the throne, who now had a great public image, giving Moriarty control over Woodville, and in turn the British Armed Forces. However, Moriarty knew that Holmes was the only one that could stop him, and then plotted to discredit Holmes and criminalize him. He recruited Baynes to temporarily replace Lestrade and prevent Holmes from finding out the truth, which included nabbing the two murderers at the opium den and forging documents to frame Holmes, eventually forcing Holmes to kill him. He also recruited the three Russian brothers to use their bomb making skills to take out Judge Beckett, when the latter was on the verge of discovering the documents were fake and was going to expose everything.
Holmes and Watson go to stop Moriarty's scheme, by going to his hideout, an old carnival near a disused and dilapidated factory, where the poisoned soup is being made. Holmes and Watson incapacitate the guards and continue their investigation. They discover the three Russian anarchists also have made bombs that will go off via radio transmitter, at key locations including Scotland Yard. While trying to find out how to disarm the bombs, they find Prince Woodville, who they tell they are working for Moriarty. Not believing them, he holds Watson at gun point and demands to bring Holmes to Moriarty. Holmes incapacitates Woodville and hides his body. Holmes and Watson split up, Holmes to call and warn Inspector Lestrade, who had returned after Bayne's death, about the bombs. He also learns that Moriarty is not in control and he is merely a puppet. Watson builds a bomb to better understand it, and figures out it must be disconnected from the radio tower before being disarmed. He returns to Holmes with this information, and his newly constructed bomb. After disconnecting the bombs from the radio transmitter, Holmes and Watson decide to use their bomb to destroy the factory producing the soup. They make their way there via cable car, which is stopped by Moriarty. Holmes and Watson send the bomb down the cable, causing it to detonate on the roof, killing several of Moriarty's henchmen and destroying the factory.
Holmes and Watson return to Moriarty's quarters to find out who was controlling Moriarty, who suddenly appears, badly burned by the explosion and brandishing a gun. Holmes casually asks if Scheilman was immune to his own poison. Suddenly, a feral Scheilman attacks Moriarty and savagely bites at his throat. Moriarty shoots him, but is too late to save himself. With his dying breath, Moriarty, asks Holmes to take care of his daughter, as he is the only one worthy to teach her. Holmes takes the child and treats her as his own, giving her an education and new life. In turn, he finally has a family of his own.


[149] GameTitle : Dishonored: Death of the Outsider
After the events of Dishonored 2, Emily Kaldwin is reinstated as empress and begins to salvage the Empire previously broken by Delilah's rule. Billie Lurk wakes aboard her ship, the Dreadful Wale, having a recurring nightmare regarding her right arm and eye. Billie has tracked down her old mentor Daud's whereabouts to a boxing club in Albarca Baths. She makes her way to Daud's location, finding that the boxing club is run by a Void-worshiping cult called the Eyeless.
Lurk witnesses Daud being restrained by a special device that cancels out his Void-given powers. She disables the device, thereby freeing Daud. Daud is happy to see Billie and asks for her help in one last job: killing the Outsider, to which Lurk agrees. On board the Dreadful Wale, Daud explains that the Eyeless are in possession of a ritual knife, a special blade that was originally used to create the Outsider thousands of years ago. Daud surmises that the blade will allow Billie to kill the Outsider. Billie is then visited by the Outsider, who gives her a cryptic message, whilst simultaneously replacing her right arm with a Void-made arm, and her eye with a special red artifact, the Sliver of the Eye. The arm gives Lurk supernatural abilities.
Billie makes her way into the city once again to investigate the leadership of the Eyeless. Upon figuring out the identities of the leaders, Billie steals two keys to a safety deposit box in Karnaca's largest bank. She is able to infiltrate the bank and steal the knife, while also discovering that one of the Eyeless' leaders attempted to abandon the group and hid important documents in the Royal Conservatory. Once Billie retrieves the knife, the Outsider appears and explains that he knows more than most, revealing that Daud had died of natural causes aboard the Dreadful Wale while Billie was on the heist, much to her dismay. She returns to the Dreadful Wale and cremates her mentor's deceased body, thus also burning down the Dreadful Wale (an anagram of 'Farewell Daud').
Billie then infiltrates the Royal Conservatory, where she finds the documents. They detail the location of a Void portal at an abandoned mine outside Karnaca. Billie travels to the mine, which is now overseen and operated by the Cult that originally created the Outsider. The Cult members discuss occult sciences while marveling at the Void creatures walking about near the dig site. Billie makes her way to the Eye of the Dead God and absorbs it, allowing her to safely enter the Void portal.
Once inside the Void, Billie makes her way to the Ritual Hold, where the Outsider resides. There she finds the Outsider, seemingly bound and immobile. Billie is then given a choice, to either return the Outsider to the mortal realm by having Daud's Void spirit pronounce the Outsider's real name to him, which turns out to be the mark that the Outsider gives, or to use the ritual knife to kill the Outsider. Either way, the Outsider is displaced, and Billie acknowledges that with the Outsider gone, the world will be changed in innumerable ways. However, the Void will continue to exist and there is no longer anybody who can decide who will gain its power.


[151] GameTitle : Thief Gold
Thief takes place in a metropolis called "the City",[5] which has been noted to contain elements of the Middle Ages-like dark fantasy and the Industrial Revolution.[5][12] Project director Greg LoPiccolo said in an early preview: "In essence [... it's] this undefined medieval age, sort of medieval [Europe] meets Brazil meets City of Lost Children. There's some electricity, some magic, and some 19th century machinery kind of stuff."[13] The setting has been described as steampunk, a fantastical setting where steam engine technology is prominently used.[14] During levels, the player may learn about the setting by finding notes and overhearing conversations;[6][15] it has been noted that the player participates in the revelation of Thief's setting.[6]
The City contains three factions: the Keepers, and two opposing religious orders known as the Pagans and the Order of the Hammer, or "Hammerites". The latter two have been cited as representations of chaos and order, respectively; the neutral, secretive Keepers strive to maintain balance within the City.[6][15] The Hammerites worship a deity called "The Builder", and believe in progress, craftsmanship and righteousness; the Pagans, who have been described as "primitive, almost animalistic", worship the dangerous "Trickster" god and value the natural world.[6][15] It has been assessed that the design of each group's architecture reflects their beliefs.[15]
Story[edit]
The game's prologue sees Garrett, the protagonist, describing his youth as a homeless orphan on the City's streets. He is caught while attempting to pickpocket a suspicious man who reveals himself to be a Keeper.[16] Impressed by Garrett's ability to see him, he offers him the chance to join his order.[17] Garrett accepts,[18] but later leaves the order to pursue a life of thievery.[19] Years later, Garrett works as a thief, and is under pressure to join a crime ring.[20] As punishment for his failure to pay a protection fee, he is targeted for assassination by the crime lord Ramirez.[21] Garrett evades the assassins, and robs Ramirez's mansion in retaliation.[22] Following this, he is approached by a woman named Viktoria—the representative of an anonymous client who was impressed by Garrett's theft from Ramirez. He is contracted to steal a sword from Constantine, an eccentric nobleman who recently arrived in the City.[23] After Garrett completes the mission, Viktoria takes him to Constantine,[24] who explains that he hired Garrett to steal his own sword as a test. Constantine offers him a fortune to steal The Eye—a gem kept within a sealed and deserted Hammerite cathedral.[25]
To reach the cathedral, Garrett ventures through Old Quarter, a haunted, abandoned district of the City.[26] Through an opening in the cathedral, The Eye informs Garrett of a nearby Keeper sanctuary, where he may learn how to unseal the cathedral.[27] There, Garrett discovers that the cathedral was sealed to prevent the City's destruction by the Trickster. He learns that there are four talismans needed to remove the seal:[28] two hidden in ancient ruins beneath the City, and two inside a Hammerite temple (in Thief Gold, one talisman is in possession of the mages and another was found at an opera house after it was taken from the caves below, while the other two are in the Lost City and the Hammerite Temple as in the original game).[29][30] Garrett recovers the talismans and returns to the cathedral.[31] After unsealing the cathedral,[32] he learns that its inhabitants had been killed and made undead by The Eye.[33] He returns The Eye to Constantine, who reveals himself to be the Trickster.[34] Viktoria says that The Eye requires a flesh eye to function; she binds Garrett with vines and removes his right eye.[35] The Trickster places it on the gemstone, and the two disappear through a portal.[36] Garrett, left for dead, is found and freed by two Keepers.[37] During his escape from the Trickster's mansion, he learns that the Trickster plans to use The Eye to revert the world to a wild state.[38][39]
After Garrett escapes the mansion,[40] he seeks help from the Order of the Hammer.[41] However, he finds that the Trickster has attacked the Hammerite temple.[42] In a refuge beneath the temple, he finds Hammerite survivors who provide him with a booby-trapped replica of The Eye.[43] Garrett descends into the Trickster's domain, where he finds the Trickster performing a ritual with The Eye to complete his plan. Garrett stealthily substitutes The Eye with its copy, which kills the Trickster.[36] Later, Garrett has acquired a mechanical replacement for his lost eye. On the streets of the City, a Keeper approaches Garrett and claims that he will soon require the Keepers' help.[44] Garrett dismisses him,[45] and as he walks away, the Keeper warns of the encroaching "metal age".[46]


[154] GameTitle : Spec Ops: The Line
The game begins in medias res with Walker, Adams, and Lugo flying in a helicopter past the skyscrapers of Dubai, shooting down several pursuing helicopters until a sudden sandstorm forms, causing one of the pursuers to spin out of control and crash into the trio. The story then jumps back to the start, with Delta traversing the storm wall to the outskirts of a mostly buried Dubai, being taunted on broadcasts by the Radioman (Jake Busey), a DJ and former journalist speaking for the 33rd. After coming across refugees being rounded up by the 33rd and engaging in a firefight, Walker elects to disobey orders and find Konrad.[23]
Receiving a broadcast of CIA agent Daniels being interrogated by the 33rd, the team chooses to interfere. Tracing the signal's origin, they find Daniels already dead and the broadcast was a trap set for fellow CIA agent, Gould.[24] Gould helps Delta escape, but is later captured and killed while assaulting a location called the Gate. The team heads there and continues the attack. Finding it heavily guarded by the 33rd, the team employs white phosphorus to obliterate their opposition and advance further into the city.[25] While walking through the aftermath, they realize they accidentally killed 47 civilians moved to the Gate for shelter by the 33rd. Walker blames the 33rd and vows revenge.[26]
Finding Konrad's executed command team, Walker uses a small radio to communicate with who he believes to be Konrad himself, who challenges the morality of his actions throughout the story. Konrad then manipulates Walker into executing an Emirati survivor or a 33rd soldier, who both committed serious crimes.[27] Delta subsequently meet CIA agent Jeff Riggs, who is leading a raid on the city's last water supply. Delta aids Riggs with the aim of crippling the 33rd's operations, but Riggs destroys the supply instead, admitting he wanted to wipe out the remaining population of Dubai to cover up the atrocities of the 33rd.[a][28]
With the city's residents now facing death from dehydration, Delta heads to the radio tower to silence the Radioman. After Lugo kills the Radioman, Walker informs the city of Delta's planned evacuation effort.[29] Adams commandeers a Black Hawk helicopter to escape the building, and Walker destroys the radio tower as they flee the scene, leading to the helicopter sequence from the opening of the game (which Walker seems to remember).[30] After the aforementioned crash, Walker awakens in the middle of the desert and reunites with Adams, but is too late to stop Lugo from being lynched by a mob of civilians.[b] Walker and Adams make their way to the Burj Khalifa tower to confront Konrad, but are soon pinned down by the last of his men. Walker, who surrenders, is pushed to safety by Adams, who fights to the death.[31] Walker stumbles inside the tower, where the remnants of the 33rd surrender to him.
Walker finally meets Konrad at his penthouse. Konrad appears to be the charismatic, villainous force behind the atrocities that Walker was hoping for, until Walker finds his decaying corpse on the penthouse deck.[32] Walker finds that Konrad committed suicide after his failed evacuation effort, and he has been communicating with a traumatic hallucinatory Konrad, created in his mind as a dissociative disorder upon the aftermath of the white phosphorus strike. Rationalizing the actions he had witnessed and carried out, Walker distorted many subsequent events of the game to make Konrad look responsible.[33] With this revelation, 'Konrad' forces Walker, at gunpoint, to decide once and for all if he is to blame for his actions in Dubai.[34]


[156] GameTitle : L.A. Noire
Following the end of World War II, Cole Phelps (Aaron Staton), a decorated USMC veteran of the Pacific Campaign, returns to Los Angeles, California to live with his family while taking on work as a Patrol Officer of the LAPD. In 1947, working with his partner Officer Ralph Dunn (Rodney Scott), Phelps successfully solves a major murder case and impresses his superiors, who promote him to detective. Working alongside Stefan Bekowsky (Sean McGowan) in Traffic, and then Finbarr "Rusty" Galloway (Michael McGrady) in Homicide, Phelps earns a reputation for solving difficult cases that eventually land him a promotion into Vice. During this time, he begins falling for German lounge singer Elsa Lichtmann (Erika Heynatz) and soon has an affair with her. Unknown to him, Roy Earle (Adam J. Harrington), his partner in Vice and a corrupt cop, uses this information to help several prominent figures in the city, including the Chief of Police, cover up a major scandal by making him a media scapegoat, in exchange for a place in a syndicate known as the "Suburban Redevelopment Fund" (SRF)—a development program that supplies homes for homecoming WWII veterans. When his adultery is exposed, Phelps becomes disgraced in the LAPD, while his wife ends their marriage.
Prior to his demotion to Arson, Phelps had found that several Marines of his former unit had been selling morphine syrettes stolen from the ship that had taken them home, the SS Coolridge, which had later led to most being assassinated by mobsters working for Mickey Cohen (Patrick Fischler), who controlled the drug trade and had resented the competition; most of the stolen drugs remains unaccounted for by the time he is demoted. While investigating a pair of suspicious house fires with his partner in Arson, Herschel Biggs (Keith Szarabajka), Phelps notes a connection between them and a recent housing development, known as "Elysian Fields", but is warned by Earle to back off from tycoon developer Leland Monroe (John Noble). Seeking help to investigate the development, Phelps advises Elsa to refuse a life insurance payout in order to prompt his old comrade Jack Kelso (Gil McKinney), now an investigator for the California Fire &amp; Life insurance company, to look into the matter. Kelso quickly discovers that the development is using unsuitable building materials, and becomes an investigator for the Assistant D.A. whereupon he soon learns that Monroe and his former employer, the owner of Fire &amp; Life, are involved in the SRF syndicate.
Kelso and Phelps eventually learn from their investigations that the Fund is merely a front to conceal its true purpose: to defraud the US Federal Government. Run by several local businessmen, dignitaries, as well as Monroe and the Chief of Police, the syndicate had learnt about the proposed route for the Whitnall Parkway through the Wilshire district of the city, and thus bought the land it would run through. Monroe then built communities of "matchstick" houses, while Fire &amp; Life falsely claimed the land was a higher value, knowing that the government would pay whatever the land was worth in order to gain eminent domain over it. Further investigations reveals that Courtney Sheldon (Chad Todhunter), a headstrong corpsman of Phelps and Kelso's former unit, had been involved in the theft of the morphine. The remainder of the morphine had been given to Sheldon's mentor and pop-psychiatrist Harlan Fontaine (Peter Blomquist), who sold it on to finance the Fund and murdered Sheldon after he began questioning the syndicate's plans. Following a shoot-out at Monroe's mansion, Kelso discovers that the SRF had used Ira Hogeboom (J. Marvin Campbell), a former flamethrower operator from Phelps' and Kelso's unit, to help them with their plans. Hogeboom, suffering from PTSD and schizophrenia after inadvertently killing a large number of civilians on Phelps' orders during the Battle of Okinawa, had been unknowingly manipulated by Fontaine to torch the houses of holdouts who refused to sell out to the SRF, until eventually going insane after he inadvertently incinerates a house with an entire family inside.
After learning that Hogeboom had murdered Fontaine and kidnapped Elsa, Phelps and Kelso pursue him into the Los Angeles River Tunnels as a heavy rain begins, fighting their way through corrupt policemen and thugs. The pair rescue Elsa, with Kelso killing Hogeboom to put him out of his mental anguish. With the water level rising, the group use an open manhole to escape, but Phelps is swept away in the current. Whilst the SRF scam is exposed, several members escape justice to attend Phelps's funeral, each delivering eulogies to his memory, much to the disgust of Elsa. Biggs remarks to Kelso that Phelps was never his friend, to which Kelso agrees but responds that he was never Phelps' enemy.
An epilogue flashback scene soon reveals that Kelso had known about the stolen morphine and Sheldon's involvement, after they and their other fellow Marines found the surplus supply on their ship home. However, Kelso refused to be involved in Sheldon's scheme to sell the drugs along with the other Marines, telling them all that they will lose his respect for them as Marines if they go through with the drug profiting, setting in motion the events of the game.


[159] GameTitle : Devil May Cry 4 Special Edition
In an extra Special Edition story for Vergil, set before the events of Devil May Cry 3: Dante's Awakening, Vergil has been traveling the world, looking for information about his father Sparda. Arriving in Fortuna, Vergil sets out to investigate the Order of the Sword and their intentions. In Vergil's closing cutscene, he leaves Fortuna, presumably having gained the knowledge he was looking for, and notes that while he can't exactly call them [The Order] misguided, "...one day they will all know the true power of a son of Sparda."
In the Main Story, Nero is a young man who lives in the castle-town of Fortuna on a mysterious island, isolated from the rest of the world. Fortuna is home to The Order of the Sword, a sect of holy knights who worship the demon Sparda as their God. Their leader, is the High Priest Sanctus, who leads the congregation as a benevolent spiritual leader, despite Nero's clear lack of faith. With the white hair and attitude not unlike a descendant of Sparda, his true parentage remains a mystery. Discovered on the island as a baby, Nero was sent to live with Credo, The Captain of the Holy Knights, who raised Nero to fight demons alongside his peaceful younger sister Kyrie, whom Nero eventually develops feelings for. Though Nero does not believe in The Order’s worship of Sparda, and openly subverts convention by using firearms, and customizing his own sword with a motorcycle handle that shoots flames, he truly believes in protecting the innocent.
At the beginning of the game’s events, Sanctus is giving a sermon to the packed Opera House during the Festival of the Sword celebration, when suddenly, Dante himself crashes through the skylight above, and murders Sanctus in full view of the congregation, plunging the Opera House into chaos. As Nero fights Dante, Credo leads Kyrie and the others to safety, whereupon Nero is shocked to discover a latent demonic power in himself, which transforms his entire arm. From there on, Dante recognizes that Nero is "different from the others[4]," and begins to influence Nero’s journey.
Initially presented as the primary antagonist who he must capture[5], Nero’s encounters with Dante over the course of the game reveal that the Order of the Sword is in fact responsible for a number of atrocities. Chief among them, is the Order's High-Ranking Scientist Agnus, who has succeeded in transforming himself, Credo, and a very-much-alive Sanctus into Demons with incredible power[6] by siphoning demonic energy from Yamato, the long lost Devil Arm of Dante's twin brother Vergil. Furthermore, Sanctus has used Agnus' research to summon an army of demons to attack Fortuna, while simultaneously awakening a long dormant weapon called The Savior (a giant colossus made in Sparda's image) to destroy the threat; posing as the second coming of Sparda in order to eliminate non-believers, and strengthen his congregation’s worship.
Initially contracted by fellow demon hunter Lady, Dante has come to stop Sanctus’ plan. And with his longtime partner Trish undercover in the Order as the mysterious Gloria, they help lead Nero to discover the truth himself, whereupon he forges a mysterious connection to Yamato, which chooses to aid him in battle[7]. Following a final confrontation against Dante, Dante ultimately decides that Nero's intentions are good, and he allows Nero to keep Yamato for the time being; finally sealing their alliance.[8] Using his newfound power in the wake of Credo’s betrayal, Nero is able to help Credo turn against The Order after Sanctus successfully captures himself and Kyrie to use as leverage[9]. Though Credo eventually gives his life in a vain attempt to set things right, Dante and Trish promise him that they will save Kyrie and Nero[10].
Wasting no time, Trish evacuates the innocents of Fortuna, while Dante stays busy destroying the false Hell Gates which brought the demon army, reclaiming Yamato after defeating Agnus, and finally going head-to-head with The Savior in an epic sky battle above Fortuna, as Sanctus controls it from within. With Nero still captured inside The Savior, Dante is able to drive Yamato through The Savior’s chest, freeing Nero, who reclaims it inside[11]. In a final battle inside The Savior, Nero destroys Sanctus and saves Kyrie. Though still coming to terms with his as-of-yet unclear ties to the Sparda bloodline, Nero is finally able to make peace with it, after acknowledging the power it has given him to protect those he cares about.
Before departing Fortuna, Dante surprises Nero by deciding to entrust him with Yamato indefinitely; thus recognizing him as a part of his family. The two part as equals[12]. In a way, this also symbolizes Dante letting go of the past, and allowing himself to move on from his brother Vergil's death. Left in the ruins of Fortuna, Nero easily fights off the last remaining demons, before finally sharing his first kiss with Kyrie[13]. In the extra Special Edition story for Trish and Lady, both appear (somewhat non-canonically for Lady) and witness the kiss from afar with Dante, only for Trish to lament that "at least someone knows how to get the girl."
In the Main Story Epilogue, Lady returns to the Devil May Cry Office to settle up. Claiming that Dante and Trish only escalated the situation by unwittingly providing the Devil Arms that were key to Sanctus’ plan, she gladly pays them next to nothing. But as Trish answers a call for a new job, Dante gets Lady back for it by allowing her to tag along without getting paid. It’s clear that none of them are in it for the money anyway, as all three charge into the night guns blazing.


[161] GameTitle : Injustice: Gods Among Us Ultimate Edition
In an alternate universe, Joker (Richard Epcar) tricks Superman (George Newbern) into killing a pregnant Lois Lane, which detonates a nuclear weapon that destroys Metropolis and kills millions. Batman (Kevin Conroy) interrogates Joker (on where he got the weapon) after the attack, but a devastated Superman breaks into the interrogation room and murders Joker in retribution. Over the following years, Superman becomes a ruthless tyrant who establishes a unified world government named the One Earth Regime that eliminates crime through a worldwide authoritarian regime, which he leads as its High Councillor, but Batman establishes an insurgency against his regime, and a war breaks out between the two factions, leaving the Justice League disbanded.
Five years into Superman's regime, the insurgency discovers a parallel universe where Joker's plan failed, and they teleport that world's Wonder Woman (Susan Eisenberg), Aquaman (Phil LaMarr), Green Arrow (Alan Tudyk), and Green Lantern (Adam Baldwin) into their universe. Batman and Joker are accidentally transported as well, but are separated after an encounter with the regime's military forces. While searching for somewhere to recharge his power ring, Green Lantern encounters Sinestro (Troy Baker) and his Yellow Lantern counterpart. Aquaman visits the archives of Atlantis, where he discovers how Superman descended into tyranny and that Atlantis has agreed to complete subjugation under Superman, he is then forced to fight his counterpart as well.
The prime heroes eventually meet the alternate Batman in Gotham City. Batman and the alternate Lex Luthor (Mark Rolston), an Insurgent mole inside the Regime, explain that a nanotech pill derived from Kryptonian DNA can make regular humans thousands of times stronger and more resilient, as well as their plan to use a kryptonite-based weapon stored in the Batcave against Superman; DNA samples from the Justice League are needed to unlock it, but, in their universe, most core Leaguers were either recruited or killed by the regime. Meanwhile, the prime Batman pursues Joker through Gotham, but Yellow Lantern and Hawkgirl (Jennifer Hale) mistake him for their own Batman and arrest him. Joker then reunites with the alternate Harley Quinn (Tara Strong), who founded an underground organization called "Joker Clan" in his memory. The insurgents sneak into Wayne Manor, where they fight off regime enforcers. The heroes are able to enter the Batcave and retrieve the kryptonite weapon.
In the prime universe, the remaining Leaguers attempt to recover their comrades, but their teleporter sends Cyborg (Khary Payton) into the alternate universe, where he joins the insurgency effort and works with Deathstroke (J. G. Hertzler) to commandeer the Watchtower's teleporter while the other insurgents stage a break-in on Stryker's Island to rescue the prime Batman. The alternate Superman attempts to destroy the Watchtower, but fails when Deathstroke overcharges its core, setting off a massive explosion. Luthor tries to use the kryptonite weapon to kill Superman, but Shazam (Joey Naber) stops him, allowing Superman to execute him. Now aware of humanity's determination to depose him, Superman decides to destroy Gotham and Metropolis to demonstrate the chaos that would arise in his absence and murders Shazam when the latter protests, causing Flash (Neal McDonough) to defect and fight his way to the Insurgency.
As the Insurgency's plan failed, Batman convinces his counterpart to recruit the prime Superman. When open war between the Regime and Insurgency erupts, Ares (J. G. Hertzler) teleports Wonder Woman to Themyscira and reveals that Superman plans to have the Amazons invade Metropolis. After defeating her counterpart, Wonder Woman convinces the Amazons to help the Insurgency. An army led by the alternate Aquaman attacks Metropolis, where the insurgents and the Amazons fight them off. Prime Superman defeats powerful regime enforcers, including Doomsday (Khary Payton), and engages in a final confrontation against his counterpart at the Fortress of Solitude, where he emerges victorious, ending the reign of the High Councillor.
After the High Councillor's downfall and the regime's defeat in Metropolis, the Regime is dismantled and all of its accomplices are arrested. Harley Quinn has the Joker sent back to the prime universe after realizing that he does not care about her, Green Lantern hands over his counterpart and Sinestro to the Guardians of the Universe to stand trial, and Wonder Woman dethrones her counterpart. The dictator Superman is placed in a prison emitting red sun radiation that renders him powerless, and his prime counterpart admits that if he were placed in the same position, he might have done the same thing. The alternate Batman tells Superman that he hopes that Superman never has to learn what he could be capable of if he turns evil, and warns him that if something ever happens to him, causing him to go down the path of his counterpart, he will come after him. As they walk away, the alternate Superman's eyes glow red, indicating he still has some degree of his powers.


[162] GameTitle : Firewatch
Following the Yellowstone fires of 1988, Henry (Rich Sommer) takes a job in 1989 as a Shoshone National Forest fire lookout, after his wife Julia (Larissa Gallagher) develops early-onset dementia. On the first day, his supervisor Delilah (Cissy Jones) contacts him via walkie-talkie and asks that he investigate illegal fireworks at a nearby lake. There he detects teenage girls skinny dipping, who accuse him of leering. On his way back, he finds a locked cave and spots a shrouded figure. Henry discovers his watchtower ransacked at arrival. The next day, Delilah sends him to a downed communication line. It is found cut, along with a message from the girls. He and Delilah plot to scare them off, but Henry finds their campsite abandoned.
Henry finds a backpack and disposable camera belonging to a boy named Brian Goodwin, who Delilah explains was the son of Ned (Mac Brandt), a fellow lookout. Brian had illicitly stayed with his father, though Delilah had kept this from her superiors, and both Brian and Ned had disappeared without a trace. The teenage girls are reported missing. Henry later discovers a radio and clipboard with transcripts of his conversations with Delilah. He is knocked out and finds the clipboard and radio gone. Henry proceeds to break into a government research area, discovering surveillance equipment and typewritten reports detailing his and Delilah's lives and conversations. After taking a tracking device, he leaves the compound. As Henry hikes back, he witnesses it set afire by an unknown individual. Using the tracking device, Henry finds a backpack with the keys to the cave. Delilah reports someone in Henry's tower. Henry finds a Walkman with incriminating conversations of him and Delilah plotting to destroy the compound.
Henry enters the cave and is locked in. He escapes through another exit, and discovers a place used by Brian to escape his father. Henry goes deeper into the cave with the climbing equipment left at Brian's camp, and discovers Brian's corpse at the bottom of a cavern, piled under rocks. Delilah is upset, blaming herself for allowing Brian to stay. The next day, a conflagration grows uncontrollably and an emergency evacuation order is given out to all lookouts. As Henry prepares, he follows the tracking device's signal to a cassette tape from Ned, who claims that Brian's death was because of climbing inexperience. Unwilling to return to society, Ned admits to living in the wilderness and is trekking deeper, advising against following him. Henry finds Ned's camp with items from the watchtowers, camp and the teenage girls, whom Delilah confirms are safe and sound. The government camp was studying wildlife, with Ned using radio equipment to deter Henry. Delilah states that a rescue helicopter is waiting for him at Thorofare Lookout and he treks there to find Delilah gone, having taken another helicopter. Using the radio equipment, he contacts her one final time and asks when he will see her again. She tells him to go back to his wife and Henry boards a helicopter heading home.


[164] GameTitle : Call of Duty: Modern Warfare 2
The story featured in Call of Duty: Modern Warfare 2's Campaign mode serves as a sequel to Call of Duty 4: Modern Warfare's Campaign mode, and is set in 2016. In the previous game, SAS Sergeant John "Soap" Mactavish killed Imran Zakhaev, a Russian ultra-nationalist who sought to restore his country back to the glory days of the Soviet Union. Despite this effort, however, ultra-nationalists seized control of Russia and declared Zakhaev a martyr, straining diplomatic relations with the United States. One of Zakhaev's lieutenants, Vladimir Makarov, began a campaign of revenge against the West by committing acts of terrorism throughout Europe.
The player primarily controls Sergeant Gary "Roach" Sanderson, a British member of an international elite counter-terrorist unit named Task Force 141. In addition to Roach, the player will also assume control of Private First Class Joseph Allen and Private James Ramirez of the United States Army Rangers.[30] Several non-playable characters feature prominently in the story. The now Captain John "Soap" MacTavish. serves as a senior member of Task Force 141, acting as Roach's superior officer.[5] Another member of the unit is SAS operator Lieutenant Simon "Ghost" Riley, who conceals his face with a skull print balaclava and is Soap second in command.[31] Sergeant Foley, along with his subordinate, Corporal Dunn, is initially Joseph Allen's squad leader, and becomes James Ramirez's squad leader later in the story. Lieutenant General Shepherd is the commander of the United States Army Rangers and Task Force 141.
Story[edit]
In 2016, Private First Class Joseph Allen participates in a military operation alongside United States Army Rangers stationed in Afghanistan, by assisting them in taking back a city from insurgents. Impressed by Allen's capabilities, General Shepherd recruits him into Task Force 141. While Allen prepares for an upcoming assignment, Captain John "Soap" MacTavish and Sergeant Gary "Roach" Sanderson infiltrate a Russian airbase in the Tian Shan mountains to retrieve an Attack Characterization System (ACS) module from a downed American satellite.
Allen is soon sent on an undercover mission for the CIA, joining Vladimir Makarov in a mass shooting at an airport in Moscow, Russia. Afterwards, Makarov kills Allen, aware of his true identity, and leaves his body behind to spark a war between Russia and the United States. Outraged by an apparent American-sponsored terrorist attack, Russia retaliates by launching a surprise invasion on the East Coast of the United States.[a][32] With no evidence of Makarov's involvement in the airport massacre, Task Force 141 is sent to Rio de Janeiro to capture his arms dealer. They succeed and learn that Makarov's nemesis is being held in a Russian gulag. They assault the gulag and rescue the prisoner: Captain Price, Soap's previous commanding officer in the SAS.[b]
Price agrees to help Task Force 141 but insists that ending the war is his priority. After raiding a Russian port, Price launches a ballistic missile towards Washington, D.C. and detonates it in the upper atmosphere. The resulting EMP blast disables all electronic devices across the eastern seaboard, causing both factions to suffer but giving the Americans a much-needed advantage.[33] Soldiers fighting in D.C. narrowly avoid a bombing run of Russian-occupied strategic structures by the United States Air Force, lighting green flares atop the White House to show that the city remains in American hands.
Meanwhile, Task Force 141 narrows Makarov's hiding place to two locations; an aircraft boneyard in Afghanistan, and Makarov's safehouse on the Georgian-Russian border. Roach and Simon "Ghost" Riley successfully raid the safehouse, but are then betrayed by Shepherd, who murders them, retrieves their intelligence, and burns their bodies. It soon becomes evident that Shepherd is the catalyst of the Russian-U.S. war, intent on generating a massive wave of American enlistment, along with defense spending and production in a time of emergency. Shepherd sent Allen to participate in the massacre, fully aware that Makarov would set America up; he also allegedly provided the ACS to the Russian forces to be compromised, informed Makarov of Allen's identity, and eventually managed to secure a blank check from the government to fund his war effort, his endgame being to kill Makarov himself and usurp the glory, thus cementing his status as a national hero.
Price and Soap learn of Shepherd's betrayal and escape a battle between his and Makarov's forces at the boneyard. After learning of Shepherd's mountain base in Afghanistan from Makarov, Price and Soap raid the base to take revenge on Shepherd in a suicide mission. The duo pursue Shepherd's boat, and Price manages to shoot down his helicopter extraction as he and Soap tumble over a waterfall.[32] A dazed Soap stumbles towards the crash site and attempts to kill Shepherd, but is stabbed in the chest. While Price arrives and engages Shepherd in a fist fight, Soap pulls the knife out of his chest and throws it at Shepherd, killing him. Nikolai arrives and helps Price evacuate Soap for medical attention.


[165] GameTitle : Valkyria Chronicles
In 1935 E.C., the continent of Europa is dominated by two superpowers: The Autocratic East Europan Imperial Alliance in the east and a commonwealth of loosely allied democracies known as the Atlantic Federation in the west.[9] The economies of both powers depend on a precious multipurpose mineral called Ragnite. Its growing scarcity results in the Empire declaring war on the Federation, sparking the Second Europan War.[10] The Empire uses its military superiority to quickly put the Federation on the defensive. Emboldened by their progress and momentum, the Empire decides to invade the neutral Principality of Gallia to seize its rich Ragnite deposits.
When Imperial forces launch an attack on the Gallian border town of Bruhl, Welkin Gunther, son of the country's hero General Belgen Gunther, is forced to fight for his life alongside the town watch captain, Alicia Melchiott. Together with Welkin's adopted sister Isara and using Belgen's prototype tank from the first war, the Edelweiss, they escape to the capital city of Randgriz and join the Gallian militia. Welkin is promoted to the rank of Lieutenant and assumes command of the newly formed Squad 7, with Alicia acting as his non-commissioned officer. Members of the squad initially question Welkin's qualifications due to a lack of combat experience. He quickly gains their trust and loyalty, however, with his brilliant tactics. Welkin and Alicia soon become romantically engaged, but tragically, Isara is killed by an Imperial sniper.
After Squad 7 wages a successful campaign against Imperial forces, the crown prince Maximilian deploys one of his commanders, Selvaria Bles, a rare descendant of the Valkyrians who are believed to have saved the ancient world from the Darcsen race. Using innate magic powers and equipped with a legendary Ragnite lance and shield, Selvaria destroys the Gallian army. Alicia is shot by Welkin's archaeologist colleague Faldio Landzaat to awaken her own latent Valkyrian powers. Alicia is able to drive Selvaria back, allowing the Gallians to advance to the border. At the cost of her own life, Selvaria uses the "final flame" after the capture of the Ghirlandaio fortress, killing the entire core of Gallian military and leaving only the militia, such as Squad 7, remaining.
In an attempt to create his own empire, Maximilian uses a "land dreadnought", the Marmota, to break through Gallia's defenses and steal a giant Valkyrian lance from inside Randgriz Castle. The princess reveals herself to be Darcsen - the Valkyrians rewrote history to make themselves into heroes, while an allied Darcsen tribe gained Randgriz as the spoils. With Alicia's help, Squad 7 is able to board the Marmota and send Maximilian to his demise, destroying the dreadnought and ending the conflict between the two factions. Alicia and Welkin return to Bruhl, where they marry and raise a daughter named Isara together.


[166] GameTitle : Call of Duty 4: Modern Warfare
In 2011, a civil war has broken out in Russia between its government and ultranationalists who seek to restore Russia to its Soviet-era glamor. Meanwhile, a separatist group led by Khaled Al-Asad seizes power in a "small but oil-rich" country in the Middle East through a coup d'état, executing its president, Al-Fulani. Al-Asad is ruthless and has extreme anti-Western views, which prompts the United States to invade the country. In the afternoon of the second day of invasion, a platoon of USMC 1st Force Recon, led by Lieutenant Vasquez, is sent to capture Al-Asad. The platoon attacks a TV station in which Al-Asad was believed to be broadcasting live, but discover only a looped recording. The group later engages in urban combat in an unnamed city south of the capital. During this time, they help support and subsequently repair a downed M1 Abrams tank to assist them.
In the meantime, John "Soap" MacTavish is recruited into a British Special Air Service (SAS) squad led by Captain Price. The group shortly conducts two operations, one which leads them to infiltrate a cargo ship in the Bering Strait. Neutralizing the armed Russians on board, the group discover a nuclear device labelled in Arabic and retrieve its manifest. Enemy MiGs then attack and scuttle the ship, but the SAS narrowly escapes by helicopter.
The second operation takes them to Russia in order to rescue one of their allies, a Russian informant named Nikolai working within the Ultranationalist party. Assisted by Russian Loyalist forces, Price's team succeeds in rescuing Nikolai. However, their helicopter is later brought down, forcing the group to make their way through enemy territory with support from an AC-130 gunship before they can be extracted. Intelligence gathered from these two missions indicates that Al-Asad may be in possession of a Russian nuclear device.
In the evening of the third day, the U.S. launches a full-scale assault on Al-Asad's presidential palace, aware of the SAS warning about the possible nuclear device. As U.S. Navy SEALs invade the palace, the Marines engage Al-Asad's ground forces. The assault, however, ends in catastrophe when the nuclear device suddenly detonates, wiping out most of the city along with everyone in it.
Refusing to assume Al-Asad dead, Price's strike team supported by Russian loyalists raids a potential safe house in a village in Azerbaijan to eradicate the occupying Russian forces and capture Al-Asad. Shortly into the interrogation, Al-Asad's phone rings. After hearing the voice of the caller, Price executes Al-Asad and reveals that the caller was the leader of the ultranationalists: Imran Zakhaev. Price informs his squad about his assassination mission against Zakhaev in Pripyat, Ukraine in 1996. In the aftermath of the Chernobyl disaster and the collapse of the Soviet Union, Zakhaev took advantage of the turmoil to profit from nuclear proliferation and used his new wealth to lure soldiers from the Soviet Army to form his ultranationalist party. Price, then a lieutenant, and his superior, Captain MacMillan, were sent on a black operation to eliminate him. Making their way through Pripyat and into Chernobyl, evading enemy guards along the way, the two reached their vantage point in an abandoned hotel, with Price firing upon Zakhaev with a Barrett M82 sniper rifle; however, the shot only severed Zakhaev's arm. After a large shootout, Price and MacMillan barely escaped Zakhaev's henchmen.
Following the death of Al-Asad, Price's team hold off against Ultranationalist forces who arrive to avenge him. Later, a joint task force, composed of the SAS, Force Recon, and the Loyalists, attempt to capture Zakhaev's son, Victor, to learn Zakhaev's whereabouts. After ambushing him in an enemy convoy at a vehicle checkpoint, Victor flees the scene but is soon cornered on the roof of an apartment building. Refusing to surrender, he commits suicide. Enraged, Zakhaev retaliates by taking control of a nuclear launch facility.
An operation is launched by the task force to take back the site from Zakhaev’s forces via halo jump. However, Zakhaev promptly launches nuclear intercontinental ballistic missiles at the U.S. Eastern Seaboard, with the potential of causing 41 million casualties. The SAS and Force Recon, however, manage to breach the facility, seize the command room and remotely destroy the missiles over the Atlantic Ocean. They escape in military trucks with Zakhaev's forces in hot pursuit.
An ultranationalist Mi-24 Hind helicopter destroys a vital bridge and traps the joint force. In the ensuing fight, a tanker explodes, and many of the group are either killed or injured. Zakhaev himself arrives and begins killing wounded soldiers when loyalists in a Mi-28 Havoc suddenly destroy his Mi-24 Hind and join the fray. Distracted, Zakhaev turns to the Loyalist forces at which point Price gives Soap a M1911; the latter kills Zakhaev and his escort. Loyalist forces start tending to the wounded immediately.
In the epilogue, the missile incident and the ultranationalists' support of Al-Asad are covered up, thus causing the events of Call of Duty: Modern Warfare 2.


[168] GameTitle : The Witcher 2: Assassins of Kings Enhanced Edition
The player controls Geralt of Rivia, who is one of the few remaining witchers – genetically enhanced and trained humans with special powers who hunt monsters for a living. The Witcher 2: Assassins of Kings contains many different paths and storylines, along with multiple endings.

Prologue

At the start of the game, Geralt is in prison under suspicion of assassinating Foltest, the king of Temeria. The head of the Temerian special forces, Vernon Roche, interrogates Geralt and learns the story that led from Geralt being Foltest's right-hand man to a prisoner. Some time after Geralt saved Foltest from a witcher assassin (at the end of The Witcher), Foltest had a secret relationship with a baroness named Maria Louisa La Valette, which led to two children, Anais and Boussy. Maria was not willing to give up the children, and Foltest waged a war to claim them. Geralt succeeded in escorting Foltest to his children, but an unknown assailant kills Foltest before disappearing, leaving Geralt the only suspect. After the interrogation, Roche decides that Geralt is innocent and aids him in escaping the prison. The two, along with sorceress Triss Merigold, go in search of the kingslayer.

Chapter 1

The trio arrive in the trading town of Flotsam and are ambushed by Iorveth, a rebel elf. It appears to the group that a witcher, believed to have assassinated the king of the neighboring country of Aedirn, is in league with the rebels. Geralt saves his old friends, the bard Dandelion and the dwarf Zoltan Chivay, from being hanged in the city square. With the help of sorceress Síle de Tansarville, Geralt kills a kayran, a giant monster that is disrupting the town's trade routes. Geralt discovers that Loredo, the ostensibly Temerian commander of the town, is intending to sell the town to the Kaedwenian king Henselt. He also discovers that the kingslayer, a witcher known as Letho, intends to betray Iorveth and convinces the elf of the truth. As Geralt and Iorveth confront Letho, Roche arrives with an armed force. The player chooses between assisting Iorveth or Roche, thus setting the path of the second chapter. Regardless of the choice, Letho kidnaps Triss and forces her to teleport both of them to Aedirn.

Chapter 2 (Iorveth)

If Geralt assists Iorveth, the pair sail to upper Aedirn. There, they become embroiled in a rebellion against King Henselt of neighboring Kaedwen, and they assist the rebel forces. Geralt completes three missions: formulating a poison antidote for rebel leader Saskia, determining Triss’s whereabouts (captured by spies from the empire of Nilfgaard and taken to Loc Muinne), and lifting a battlefield curse that is preventing the rebels from defending Vergen, the rebel's base of operations. The rebels defeat King Henselt’s army and Henselt is forced to acknowledge Saskia's terms. Geralt discovers Saskia is actually a dragon taking human form but she is under mind control by her advisor, the sorceress Philippa Eilhart. When Philippa teleports Saskia and herself to Loc Muinne, Geralt and Iorveth follow.

Chapter 2 (Roche)

If Geralt assists Roche, Roche has Geralt assassinate Loredo for treason. Geralt and Roche sail to upper Aedirn. There, they also become embroiled in the rebellion against King Henselt, but assist the king instead of fighting against him. Geralt discovers an insurgency in the Kaedweni army: loyalists who are convinced Henselt is conspiring with the empire of Nilfgaard. Geralt completes three missions: determining Triss’s whereabouts (captured by a diplomatic delegation from Nilfgaard and taken to Loc Muinne), lifting a curse on King Henselt, and lifting a battlefield curse that is preventing the king from marching on the city of Vergen. Geralt defends Henselt from two witcher assassins and uses necromancy to discover they are in league with Síle de Tansarville, who has already fled to Loc Muinne with fellow sorceress Philippa Eilhart and entranced rebel leader Saskia in tow. Roche is revealed to be plotting against Kaedwen, and Henselt executes most of Roche's men in retaliation. As Henselt assaults Vergen, Geralt defeats Henselt's personal guard, and either allows Roche to murder Henselt in revenge (which causes a civil war in Kaedwen) or convinces him to spare the king. Geralt and Roche then go to Loc Muinne, on the trail of Triss and Philippa.

Chapter 3

Geralt arrives at Loc Muinne, with either Iorveth or Roche depending on whom he assisted previously. The mages have called a meeting to establish a new magical ruling body known as the Conclave, and all royal leaders are at Loc Muinne. Philippa Eilhart and Síle de Tansarville intend to use the meeting to establish their own power, with the still-entranced Saskia as leverage.
If Geralt arrives with Iorveth, he must choose between rescuing Triss or rescuing Philippa, who is the only person capable of lifting the spell from Saskia but who was captured and blinded by the king of Redania. If Geralt arrives with Roche, he must choose between rescuing Triss or rescuing the kidnapped Princess Anais of Temeria. Depending on the choice the mage-royal meeting is interrupted when Nilfgaardian forces arrive with Letho, who reveals the sorceresses' entire plot, or if Triss is rescued – regardless of who Geralt assisted – she reveals the sorceresses' plot instead. The meeting is interrupted again by Saskia in dragon form, who is still under mind control by Philippa. Geralt chases down Síle, who attempts to use her megascope (a magical teleporter) to escape. However, Letho had sabotaged the megascope, in which Síle becomes stuck. Geralt can either rescue Síle or do nothing, in which case Síle is torn to bits. Finally Geralt duels Saskia, after which he can kill her, let her live, or (if he rescued Phillipa earlier) break the spell over Saskia's mind.

Epilogue

If Triss was rescued, the Conclave is restored and the mages work to seal Loc Muinne. If Triss was not rescued, a bloody pogrom of magic users occurs in Loc Muinne and throughout the Northern Kingdoms. Geralt finally confronts Letho the kingslayer, who reveals a Nilfgaardian plot to destabilise the Northern Kingdoms. After hearing Letho's story, Geralt can either let him go or duel him to the death. Geralt then reunites with Triss and either Iorveth or Roche, and sets off south. A concurrent plot of the game is Geralt's attempts to recover lost memories from his previous life, learning more about his lover Yennefer, and the mythical Wild Hunt. The post credit scene reveals a wood gathering peasant witnessing a Nilfgaardian invasion.


[174] GameTitle : The Heiress
Catherine Sloper (Olivia de Havilland) is a plain, painfully shy woman whose emotionally detached father, New York physician Austin Sloper (Ralph Richardson), makes no secret of his disappointment in her. He is terribly bitter about the loss of his charming and beautiful wife, whom he feels fate replaced with a simple and unalluring daughter. Catherine is devoted to her father, however, and too innocent to fully comprehend his mistreatment or the reasons for it. When she meets the charming Morris Townsend (Montgomery Clift), she immediately is taken by the attention he lavishes upon her, attention she so desperately seeks from her father. Catherine falls madly in love with Morris and they plan to marry.
Dr. Sloper believes Morris is an idler who is courting Catherine only to get her inheritance, and his interview with Morris' sister only reinforces his suspicion. He tells the young couple his opinion of Morris and takes Catherine to Europe for an extended time, but she cannot forget her betrothed. When they return to New York, Dr. Sloper threatens to disinherit his daughter if she marries Morris. Catherine does not care and plans to elope with him but not before telling him about her father's decision. On the night they are to elope, Catherine eagerly waits at home for Morris to come and take her away, but he never arrives.
Catherine is heartbroken. A day or so later, she has a bitter argument with her father, who makes his disdain for her abundantly clear. Soon afterwards, he reveals he is dying. She tells her father she still loves Morris and challenges him to change his will if he is afraid they will waste his money after he dies. He does not alter the will and dies a short time later, leaving her his entire estate.
A few years later, Morris returns from California, having made nothing of himself but still professing his love for Catherine. He claims that he left her behind because he could not bear to see her destitute. Catherine pretends to forgive him and tells him she still wants to elope as they originally planned. He promises to come back for her that night, and she tells him she will start packing her bags.
Catherine coldly plots her revenge upon Morris. Her aunt asks her how she can be so cruel, and she responds, "I have been taught by masters." When Morris returns, Catherine calmly orders the maid to bolt the door, leaving him locked outside, shouting her name. The film fades out with Catherine silently ascending the stairs while Morris' despairing cries echo unanswered in the darkness.


[176] GameTitle : F.E.A.R.
The game begins with a man named Paxton Fettel taking command of a battalion of telepathically controlled clone supersoldiers, seizing control of Armacham Technology Corporation (ATC) headquarters, and killing all its occupants.[18]
The player then takes control of the Point Man, working for an organization known as F.E.A.R. (First Encounter Assault Recon), attending a briefing held by Commissioner Rowdy Betters, in the company of his F.E.A.R. team-mates Spen Jankowski and Jin Sun-Kwon. The team's mission is to eliminate Fettel, operating in conjunction with Delta Force.[19]
Fettel is located by means of a satellite tracking device and hunted by F.E.A.R. and Delta Force over several locations.[20] While the villain evades capture by the special forces, the player witnesses unexplained, and occasionally life-threatening, paranormal phenomena, including hallucinations that frequently afflict him, all of which are centered on a red-dressed little girl named Alma. Laptops found in the course of the mission, remotely hacked by Commissioner Betters, provide details regarding the background story; the player learns how Fettel was raised to become a telepathic military commander,[21] that he is the son of Alma, who is described as being a powerful psychic as part of Project Origin,.[22] The files mention something called a "Synchronicity Event", in which Alma telepathically linked with Fettel when he was ten years old, despite her being in a coma, and which is said to have resulted in several deaths. The files also mention the existence of another child of Alma, who was born before Fettel.[23]
All clues lead F.E.A.R. to believe Fettel is being controlled by Alma,[24] who was locked in the Origin facility when ATC closed down the project owing to the danger the woman posed; Fettel is searching for that same facility to free his mother.[25] The player takes the Point Man to the abandoned structure, fighting back both the clone soldiers and ATC guards, who have received orders to cover up the whole affair.[26] When the protagonist comes to finally face Fettel, he is drawn into a hallucination where the player learns how the Point Man is Alma's first son and is thereafter enabled to kill Fettel himself.[27]
Alma is nonetheless freed when her storage chamber is opened by ATC researcher and leader of Project Origin, Harlan Wade, who felt guilty over the company's treatment of Alma and who was actually her father.[28] The player is then called to sabotage the structure's reactor,[29] running a gauntlet against Alma's ghosts before the whole location explodes. In the aftermath of the detonation, a Delta Force Black Hawk helicopter extracts the Point Man from the rubble, rescuing him. While the player and the survivors of the F.E.A.R. team survey the results of the explosion from the helicopter, Jin wonders what happened to Alma. Just then, the helicopter loses power, and Alma is seen pulling herself up into the cabin: the destruction of the Origin facility has not stopped her quest to get closer to her son.[30]
After the game's credits, the player can listen to a phone call between a mysterious senator and ATC president Aristide, which offers some further explanation: the woman considers the project under control and deems the "first prototype" (presumably a reference to the Point Man) a success.[31]
Characters and organizations[edit]
During the course of the game, the player interacts with a number of different characters from various organizations. Some of them are allies, such as the F.E.A.R. and Delta Force team members, while others are hostile, such as Fettel's soldiers and some ATC personnel. The player's character never speaks, and instead participates in one-sided discussions with other characters. On occasion, the Point Man is required to hand a communicator to other characters, allowing them to speak over the F.E.A.R. team radio. No artificial intelligence-controlled characters fight alongside the player in F.E.A.R., except for some sequences in the expansions Extraction Point and Perseus Mandate. The only time in F.E.A.R. that the player fights with friendly AIs are in the PlayStation 3 Bonus Mission.


[178] GameTitle : Half-Life: Blue Shift
Blue Shift begins in a similar manner to Half-Life, as Barney Calhoun rides a train through the Black Mesa facility to reach his place of work. After reporting for duty, Calhoun is instructed to assist in maintenance on a malfunctioning elevator.[6] As Calhoun finishes repairs, however, Freeman's experiment takes place and results in a "resonance cascade", causing massive damage to the facility and teleporting alien creatures into the base. The elevator is badly damaged and fails, sending Calhoun plummeting into the depths of Black Mesa.
Calhoun regains consciousness at the bottom of the shaft and begins to fight his way to the surface to escape. Emerging near Black Mesa's classification yards, Calhoun learns that Dr. Rosenberg and his colleagues plan to escape the facility using teleportation technology.[7] After freeing Rosenberg from the captivity of the US Marines detachment sent to silence the facility, Calhoun escorts him to a decommissioned prototype teleportation laboratory, where several Black Mesa employees have already gathered. Rosenberg then teleports Calhoun to the Xen border world to calibrate research equipment needed to pinpoint a teleport destination outside of Black Mesa.[8] Upon his return, Rosenberg informs Calhoun that the teleporter's battery power has been exhausted, and contact has been lost with a team sent to acquire a new power cell.
Calhoun travels to the power generators on a lower level to find a fresh power cell while firefights rage between the Marines and the forces of Xen. After returning with a new power cell, Calhoun assists Rosenberg in evacuating the few surviving personnel through the teleporter. Calhoun is the last to enter the portal and as he does so, Marines breach the laboratory and fire on him, causing the teleporter to explode. As a result of the teleporter's destruction, Calhoun enters a "harmonic reflux", causing him to be rapidly teleported to a variety of locations in Xen and Black Mesa. At one location, he witnesses Freeman's capture by Marines midway through Half-Life, before eventually stabilizing at the intended teleport location with Rosenberg at the outskirts of Black Mesa, where they then escape the facility in a company SUV.[9]


[182] GameTitle : The Silent Age
The game begins with images of Joe's past: his brief time in the United States Military, the odd jobs he's worked over the years, and his present janitor job at Archon, a luxurious company focusing on scientific research and development. When he arrives to work, Joe is called up to management and is informed by CEO Mr. Hill that his coworker and janitorial superior Frank has left Archon to pursue other opportunities, leaving Joe to perform Frank's duties in the form of a promotion (without a raise or change in job title). While initially troubled by Frank's departure, Joe accepts the promotion and gains clearance to the lower labs where Frank used to work. On his way down to the labs, Joe discovers small amounts of blood and a tin foil hat inside the elevator, but dismisses it as the result of an accidental injury or escaped lab animal. When he exits the elevator, Joe discovers a blood trail that leads to one of the sealed testing chambers.
Frightened by his discovery, Joe runs back up to management to inform Mr. Hill of what he found using a blood soaked handkerchief as proof. However, when Joe gets there, Mr. Hill's secretary turns him away, and, thinking that Joe injured himself, she provides him with a band-aid. Seeing no other option, Joe returns to the lower labs to help whoever is behind the sealed test chamber. Using the bandage to apply pressure to the locking mechanism, Joe is able to open the chamber and discovers a wounded old man.
Initially believing him to be dead, Joe attempts to call security to his discovery, but is shocked when the man pleads with him to keep his voice down. The man claims that he is a time traveler who comes from a horrible future where mankind is on the brink of extinction. In his attempt to save humanity, he was fatally shot. Before falling unconscious, the time traveler gives Joe a small, handheld device which he claims is a solar powered time machine. The time traveler then tells Joe to find his present counterpart and inform him of the doomed future which lies ahead. Confused by the time traveler's words, Joe is confronted by Archon security when they discover him by the unconscious time traveler and hands him over to the police for questioning.
At the police station, Joe is questioned by two detectives of the events which occurred. Joe, confused by everything that has happened, tells the detectives of the time traveler and his message of future extinction, a story which leaves the detectives just as confused as Joe. Attempting to further the investigation, the detective sitting across from Joe hands him the strange device the time traveler had given him earlier. When Joe activates the device, it creates a pulse which blacks out the room. When he opens the door, Joe is shocked to discover the police station to be run down and abandoned. With the time machine empty on solar power, Joe explores the police station for an exit. As he searches through the station, a horrified Joe discovers the skeletal remains of one of the detectives questioning him along with the decayed skeletons of other police officers. Joe is further disturbed when he sees his own picture on a wanted poster, claiming that he stole advanced weaponry from Archon. These discoveries convince Joe that what the time traveler told him was true. Eventually, Joe is able to escape from the police station and uses a small patch of sunlight to recharge his time machine, being able to return to the present.
Having nothing left to go on, Joe decides to look for the time traveler at the hospital. Using the time machine to get through obstacles and avoid the police looking for him, Joe eventually reaches the hospital where the time traveler was taken but discovers that he has died of his injuries. Using a toe tag on the man's corpse, Joe is able to match up a file number with a name and address in the hospital's records, learning that the time traveler's real name is Dr. Reginald Lambert. With this information, Joe fixes up and steals an ambulance and goes out in search of Lambert. On the drive over, Joe ponders on Lambert's survival in the future and the concepts on time travel.
After hours of driving, Joe finally reaches Lambert's address, a small island residence on the far side of a lake. To get there, Joe repairs and refuels a boat docked on the shore. When Joe finally arrives he finds no sign of Lambert, finding only a crocodile guarding Lambert's front door and his time machine out of charge. After getting rid of the crocodile, Joe uses a chainsaw fueled with Lambert's homemade moon shine to break into the house. After charging his time machine using a fluorescent light bulb, Joe jumps to the future and discovers that future Lambert had fortified his home, replacing his hard wood doors with steel ones to protect himself from wild animals and set up an agricultural garden to grow food to survive. Joe also discovers a much larger Mark I Prototype time machine in Lambert's basement, as well as the blue prints to the pocket sized Mk. II prototype that he currently carries.
Having searched through every room in the house, Joe eventually finds Lambert (who is much younger) behind a hidden door armed with a rifle. Holding Joe at gunpoint, he demands to know who Joe is and how he managed to find him. Joe tries explaining that it was actually Lambert himself who sent him here to warn him of the coming extinction of the human race. While Lambert is initially unconvinced of Joe's story, he finally comes to believe Joe when he is presented the Mk. II with his family crest on it. Joe then explains that the future Lambert had given him the device after being shot. Lambert initially asks how he became injured, but stops himself, explaining that he could consequently alter the future course of time if he knew too much of the coming events. Joe then explains to Lambert that the future world he has traveled has become an empty quiet wasteland.
Feeling that Joe deserves an explanation, Lambert recounts the events of how his college thesis on the possibility of time travel had caught the attention of Athena, an experimental weapons company with ties to the U.S. Government. Impressed with Lambert's theories on time travel, Athena recruited him out of MIT to develop the Mk. I Time Machine for military use. Their initial intentions were that they could use the machine to strangle communism in its cradle before the formation of the Soviet Union. However, Lambert couldn't design a machine that could travel back in time due to the Law of Causality, which prevents an individual from traveling back before the invention of time travel. In later years, Athena secured a confidential contract with the U.S. government and officially became Archon, promising to provide time machines that could be used to bring back advanced weaponry from the future to better combat the Soviets.
With a large military budget at their disposal, Archon began mass-producing Lambert's Mk. I Prototypes and began conducting live experiments with human test subjects. The results however were more horrifying than they could imagine. The majority of time pilots who were sent to the future never returned, resulting in Archon losing several million dollars worth of equipment. Those who did make it back did not bring weapons and became terribly ill, ranting of empty streets and human remains. Horrified by the symptoms the pilots exhibited, Lambert and his R&amp;D team initially threatened to resign after learning that Archon planned to continues its experiments. While most were convinced to stay due to being offered large pay raises and stock options, Lambert, having seen the virus's effects first hand, resigned from his position and moved out of the city to prevent himself from being infected by the plague and to prepare for the coming apocalyptic future.
Realizing that the extinction of the human race is imminent, Lambert tasks Joe to return to Archon the day before and prevent the Mk. I and its pilot from taking off. While initially hesitant, Joe agrees to the task after Lambert explains that he was only there at that moment because Lambert was able to complete his work on the island. With little time remaining, Lambert sends Joe back to the previous day so that he can stop the time machine from taking off. Before sending him away, Lambert warns Joe to not encounter his past self, for it could have dire consequences according to the Law of Causality. Unable to use the ambulance for transport as it is no longer there, Lambert provides Joe with a fully fueled van and some food for his journey back to the city.
After infiltrating Archon's lower labs, Joe attempts to destroy the time machines control console to prevent it from leaving. As he tries to find something to destroy the console, Joe manages to find a Level 4 access card to enter a confidential lab, but is shocked to discover a Cryo Lab containing two test subjects. While trying to acquire a vat of acid to destroy the console, he finds his old coworker Frank going through confidential files, and asks him if they could get a beer when this is all over. After managing to steal the acid, Joe finds that Frank has disappeared along with the files concerning Archon's Mk. I. As he's exiting the Cryo lab, Joe hears a faint warping noise from the Mk. I testing chamber. Joe returns to discover the time machine has already taken off. With no time to spare, Joe steals the acid and destroys the control console, only to discover a trail of blood.
Realizing that future Lambert is in the testing chamber, Joe enters only to discover future Lambert telling his past self of the doomed future. Remembering that the security guard would come at any second, Joe hides in the Cryo Lab to prevent himself from being seen by his past self, who is taken away by the security guard. The close encounter with his past self causes Joe to feel a small pulse similar to when he uses the Mk. II, reminding him of Lamberts warning of the law of Casualty. Returning to the testing chamber, Joe is saddened that he couldn't prevent future Lambert's fate. However, to his surprise, Joe finds that Lambert is still alive, although still mortally injured. Lambert explains that he attempted to change his fate by infiltrating Archon through the sewer entrance rather than through the elevator to prevent getting shot, but instead was accidentally shot by Joe himself when he used a revolver to shoot the fan control console in the sewers to gain access. With little time to spare, Lambert asks Joe for the coordinates for the Mk. I's last jump, being struck with awe when Joe repeats the coordinates to him. With his final breath, Lambert sets Joe's time machine to the coordinates where the time pilot went to and attempts to warn Joe of something important, but succumbs to his wounds before he can tell Joe.
Not wanting Lambert's death to be in vain, Joe travels to the time pilots coordinates. Passing out from the time jump, Joe awakens only to discover that his Mk. II time machine destroyed and Archon's Mk. I stripped of its power source. With no other way home, Joe goes out in search of the Mk. I's power source and discovers the future he has traveled to is more empty and hollow than any of his previous jumps, showing little to no signs of any previous civilization. During his search he discovers the corpses of Archon's time pilots along with the lost prototype time machines that had gone missing. After discovering a light source at the bottom of a massive tree, Joe cuts his way through using a deceased time pilots machete that he sharpens using a block of concrete. After making his way through, he finds a sick, dehydrated Frank burning papers to keep the fire going.
After getting his friend a cup of water, Joe asks Frank how he managed to get here from the present, to which the latter responds he had stolen the time machine and had somehow become deathly sick shortly after arriving. Joe, confused by Franks actions, asks why he would do such a thing. Admitting that he has little time left, Frank tells Joe his real name, Yuri Baryshev, and reveals that he is actually a spy for the Soviet Union. While Joe initially doesn't believe him, Yuri explains that he was sent to the United States by the KGB to infiltrate one of Americas advanced weapons companies, Archon, and to report his findings back to the Kremlin. Disguised as a Janitor, Yuri initially found nothing of interest until stumbling upon evidence of Archon's time travel project through his investigation of their Lazorus Project. Using Joe as a distraction to obtain sensitive materials regarding the project, Yuri was able to supply enough Intel to keep his bosses at the Kremlin happy until being caught by Archon security while snooping through the lower labs, resulting in him getting fired. Seeing no other opportunities, he planned to steal the time machine and return it to Moscow, only to be accidentally transported to far future. Explaining that he doesn't have much time left, Yuri hands Joe the Mk. I's power source and explains that it works like a toaster, using a timer to set how far one can travel in time. Before passing out, Yuri apologizes to Joe for deceiving him, and reveals that their friendship was always genuine. Forced to leave Yuri behind due to his illness, Joe sadly bids him farewell and travels back to the Mk.I.
After repairing the time machine, Joe travels back to the present where the time machine crashes and kills an Archon Security Guard. Disoriented from the jump, Joe enters through a broken wall into the Cryo Lab, although an automated quarantine alert goes off, locking down the Cryo Lab. While Joe is initially confused over the alarm, he suddenly becomes extremely ill, suffering from both muscle fatigue and a violent cough. Joe then realizes that it was actually himself who brought back the deadly virus that kills humanity. Unsure of what to do, Joe begins panicking while his health further deteriorates. Realizing that he has been through exactly the same situation a countless amount of times, Joe quickly discovers that the people inside the Cryo tubes are also time pilots and decides freeze himself in an empty Cryo chamber to prevent himself from infecting anyone with the virus. Finding the manual for the Cryo Chamber's controls, Joe activates the chamber's freezing sequence and seals himself inside, going into a hybernetic state and effectively ending the time paradox, ensuring humanity's survival.
Years later, a fully bearded Joe awakens in a locked hospital room. Upon escaping from the hospital room, Joe discovers that he and the other time pilots were unfrozen. While Joe has somehow managed to keep his sanity, the other time pilots appear to suffer from severe dementia from their experience with time travel, believing that the future is still doomed. After finding Dr. Brown, the doctor in charge of their ward, Joe learns that it is the year 2012 and that he and the other time pilots Cryo chambers were bought by another company after Archon went out of business. Joe tries to explain that he and the others were very sick and should be put back in stasis, only to discover that he and the others were carrying a rare type of avian flu that was not discovered until the 1990s. She further explains that the flu they were carrying remained dormant in them for only a short time and that it was curable, revealing that Joe and the others are cured. Realizing that he saved humanity, Joe becomes relieved and is released from the hospital to join a reintegration program at the suggestion of the doctor, who notices Joe's uncanny problem solving abilities. After being released, a new sequence of events take place that shows Joe working in tech support, riding the subway, visiting a history museum to learn what he's missed in the past four decades, and finally at a park, with Joe thinking that the world would never know how he saved them from extinction, looking up at the sunset while wondering what his new future will hold.


[188] GameTitle : Hate Plus
Set several thousand years in the future, Analogue revolves around the Mugunghwa (Hangul:&#160;무궁화; RR:&#160;Moogoonghwa), a generation ship that lost contact with Earth some 600 years prior to the events of the game. For reasons initially unclear, society aboard the ship had degraded from that of modern, 21st Century South Korea, to the intensely patriarchal culture of the medieval Joseon Dynasty.[8][9] In the process, the ship's clocks were reset to year 1, and the colonists began using Hanja characters to read and write. The reasons for why such a cultural shift has occurred is lost to time, leaving the player to formulate the cause on their own. Over the three centuries after the shift, the ship's birth rates began to gradually decline, to below the "replacement rate" of noble families.[10] By year 322, the ship inexplicably went dark, falling into a state of severe disrepair.
In Analogue's present, 622 years later, the Mugunghwa is discovered in orbit above Antares B, a star system en route to its destination. A friend of the protagonist's, a dispatch officer, is the one who discovers the ship on their radar; this catches the attention of the Saeju Colony Historical Society (which suggests that humans have established planetary colonies beyond Earth), who sponsors the recovery of any remaining text logs that can explain the ship's disappearance.[2] The dispatch officer gives the unnamed silent protagonist, an independent investigator, this "job" in the introduction message for its isolation from social situations; this implies that the protagonist is somewhat asocial,[2] but beyond this their personality and background is based almost entirely upon the player's decisions. The protagonist encounters two AI cores within the ship's computer. The first, *Hyun-ae (Hangul:&#160;현애; RR:&#160;Hyeon-ae), is a bright, cheerful girl who loves cosplay, and is highly curious about the player and the future they come from. The other, *Mute,[2] is the ship's security AI and self-proclaimed "social creature", who outranked all but Emperor Ryu, her master and Captain of the ship. The AIs dislike one another intensely, apparently due to the event that led to the ship's demise. The logs the player must recover are written by members of the Imperial Ryu family, the noble Kim and Smith families, and those linked to them. The game relies heavily on this unreliable narrator mechanic, where the AI characters and log entries thematically withhold key information from the player in order to add to the importance of certain elements of the plot (e.g. the administrator password to the ship's computer).
Story[edit]
In Analogue's introductory cutscene, the protagonist receives a message from a colleague, who tasks them with accessing the text logs aboard the Mugunghwa, and download as many as possible, as sponsored by the Saeju Colony Historical Society.[2] After enabling the system AI using a Linux-style terminal, *Hyun-ae greets the player, pleasantly shocked to find an external connection. She expresses her gratitude to the player for contacting the ship "after so many years", and promises that she will do her utmost to help access the logs.[7]
As the player reads the logs, *Hyun-ae provides commentary on the letters and diaries of the late inhabitants of the Mugunghwa. A key series of logs discovered with *Hyun-ae is the diary of the Pale Bride, a sick girl on the ship who was placed in stasis so her compromised immune system could be cured by future medical technology not available during her lifetime. The Pale Bride was brought out of stasis many years later by the descendants of her immediate family, the Kim family, in order to serve as a fertile young bride to Emperor Ryu In-ho, captain of the Mugunghwa. She found herself in a culturally reverted, deeply misogynistic society, writing that "[e]veryone's so uneducated and stupid".[11] The Pale Bride, accustomed to the more liberal society of her own time, has difficulty assimilating with this reverted culture, and often describes youthful rebellions in her diary entries.
After giving the player a key entry from the Pale Bride's diary, *Hyun-ae reveals that she is the AI form of the Pale Bride, and asks the player to decrypt a block of restricted data by entering the override terminal in super-user mode (accessible only by entering a certain password). While attempting to do so, the player encounters a corrupted AI core and is forced to restore it to proceed. This activates *Mute, who reveals that *Hyun-ae may be linked to the ship's demise by referring to her as "that murderous bitch".[12] As only one of the AIs can be active at a time (determined by keying in Linux-like terminal commands), the path through the story and the revelations contained within the many logs and messages branch based on decisions made by the player - most relevantly, which AI receives the most attention.
Upon reaching one of two criteria (obtaining a certain percentage of the games logs, or showing *Hyun-ae any one of *Mute's questions), the game's main climax occurs—the Mugunghwa's nuclear fission reactor enters meltdown, endangering the AI cores, valuable data, and the protagonist. The player must execute a series of commands to safely shutdown the reactor and vent out residual heat, all within 20 minutes. The player must choose which AIs they will continue the story with prior to meltdown; leaving their separate cores on consumes too much power for the backup power system, and it is not possible to activate the dormant AI from this point onwards. Once the player has safely disabled the reactor, saving the life of the active AI, the game will continue similarly to before, with the player accessing logs and the surviving AI providing commentary. Each AI reveals a different side of the Mugunghwa's story: *Hyun-ae will assist in uncovering the Pale Bride's perspective, while *Mute yields logs from the noble families of the ship. More interaction will take place between the player and the AI, until a pivot is reached with the relationship and one of the five endings will occur.[11][13][14][15][16][17][18][19][20][21][22][23][24][25]
Eventually, it is revealed that the Pale Bride (now *Hyun-ae) was brutally treated by the Kim family after they awoke her from stasis.[11] After many small rebellions and increasingly serious punishments, going so far as to refusing to be wed to Emperor Ryu, to whom she had been promised as a bride and concubine, her adoptive parents[24] cut out her tongue to prevent the young girl from speaking out against men (a trauma *Mute was unaware of to the game's present).[19] After her marriage, Hyun-ae became close friends with the Emperor's first wife, Empress Ryu Jae-hwa.[26] She calls her "stronger than I ever was", not letting men order her around "while still knowing her place"; as well as the only person to notice Hyun-ae's muteness and failing health. Upon the Empress's sudden death, Hyun-ae's sorrow and rage ultimately drove her to kill everyone she hated aboard the Mugunghwa by deactivating its life support systems.[22] As the crew suffocated to death, she retreated into the computer system as an AI by using a "neurosynaptic" scan of her brain and a copy of *Mute's AI coding, which she used to deactivate the security AI up until Analogue's present. This explains the *Hyun-ae's hatred of the Kims, *Mute's hatred of *Hyun-ae, and acts as a key factor for the player's decisions.
The first two endings involve *Hyun-ae leaving the Mugunghwa with the protagonist, either as a companion or lover.[27][28] In the third ending, the protagonist leaves without taking either AI with them (either by not saving the ship from meltdown in time, or by prematurely downloading the logs before the end of the AI commentary has been reached). This conclusion can also be reached if the player opts not to download the AI data during the final conclusion.[29] The fourth ending involves "kidnapping" *Mute, effectively relieving her of her duties on the ship.[30] The fifth ending, which can only be accessed by "cheating" (searching manually for a log which would not normally appear on the story branch in question), involves taking both AIs as a harem.[31] The game can also end by penalty for disagreeing too much with an AI, causing the angered AI to permanently disconnect the protagonist from the ship's computer,[32] or by the "bad priorities" ending, which occurs when the player downloads the logs during the meltdown sequence, which takes too much time, killing them in the explosion.


[193] GameTitle : Original War
The game's story revolves around an extraterrestrial mineral, Siberite, that can catalyze cold fusion and serve as fuel for an alien artifact. Siberite and the artifact – named EON – are discovered by a US expedition to Russia during World War I. EON is revealed to be a time machine capable of sending objects into the past, but by the time of the discovery, Siberite stocks are exhausted and research stops. Then in the new millennium vast deposits of the mineral are found in Siberia, and Americans are able to extract enough of it for small-scale time-travel.
The U.S. comes up with a plan to send a small force two million years back in time. There it will mine the Siberite and transport it over the Bering Land Bridge to Alaska, into what will one day be in American hands. The best troops are selected, briefed, and told that it is a one-way trip back through time.
This results in a new time line with the mineral located in Alaska and the U.S. being the only undisputed superpower thanks to the inexhaustible source of energy. Here the time machine wasn't found by the U.S. but the Russians instead. The USSR fumes under American supremacy. Frustration turns to outrage when Soviet scientists find traces of American settlement and Alaskite, the source of U.S. power, in remote Siberia. A Soviet expedition is sent through the EON, here called TAWAR, to repel the American thieves and preserve what is rightfully theirs.
The game story is freely based on the sci-fi novel The Last Day of Creation (1981) by Wolfgang Jeschke.


[200] GameTitle : The Dig
A radio telescope in Borneo detects the approach of a large asteroid on a collision course with Earth; authorities dub it "Attila" after the ancient conqueror Attila the Hun. Scientists determine explosives planted on the surface of the asteroid may divert it into a stable orbit around Earth. A five-person expedition uses the Space Shuttle Atlantis to rendezvous with the asteroid and plant the charges. The crew is led by Commander Boston Low (voiced by Robert Patrick), and joined by Dr. Ludger Brink (Steven Blum), a German archaeologist and geologist, Maggie Robbins (Mari Weiss), a linguistics expert and reporter, pilot Ken Borden (David Lodge) and NASA technician Cora Miles (Leilani Jones), who is also running for Congress.
Low, Brink, and Robbins spacewalk to the asteroid and set the charges. While they are successful in altering the orbit of Attila, they find the inside of the asteroid appears hollow, and proceed to explore. When they enter a central chamber, they are trapped as the asteroid transforms into a dodecahedron pod and rapidly accelerates away into deep space. When the three recover and can exit the pod, they find themselves on an alien planet, on a central island surrounded by five smaller, spire-shaped islands; in the game's novelization, they name the planet Cocytus. It clearly shows signs of former intelligent life, but as they explore, they find no evidence of any sentient creatures that remain, and the one advanced complex they are in shows signs of long-term deterioration. They encounter a strange form of spirit-like energy that guides them to a particular patch of ground, which they find to be soft and consistent with an opening that has been buried by time. Shortly after Brink begins digging, the ground gives way beneath him, opening a cavern into a subterranean structure. Robbins and Low soon find Brink dead at the bottom of the rubble.




View of the center island and five surrounding islands of Cocytus


Robbins insists they explore the structure separately and the two part ways, keeping in contact with their communicators. In what appears to be a museum, Low discovers a pair of crystals containing a glowing green liquid. After seeing a demonstration in the museum of similar crystals being used in what looks like a resurrection ceremony, Low tries one on Brink, bringing him back to life. They then search for a means to return to Earth, using Brink's and Robbins' talents for xenoarchaeology to decipher strange alien text and images.
As the trio continue to explore, they find Brink has become addicted to the crystals and started hoarding them for himself, leading to conflict within the group. Low discovers a pyramid that houses a preserved alien, whom he is able to reanimate by use of the life crystals. Through Robbins, the alien explains that his species had become obsessed with eternal life and had decided to travel to a new universe, Spacetime Six, from the current one, which they call Spacetime Four. The alien chose to remain behind to warn others about the crystals and the dangers of transcending to Spacetime Six. However, the rest of the species have been unable to find a way to return to Spacetime Four, and only they would be able to provide the humans with a spacecraft to return to Earth.
Low offers to travel to Spacetime Six to show the aliens how to return, but this requires them to repower the portal that was used. They are able to retrieve two life crystals from a machine that generates them, but Low and Brink fight over the crystals, and Brink falls to his death. During the process of opening the portal, Robbins is killed. The player has the option of reviving Robbins with a life crystal after the portal is opened; however, if they do, she immediately jumps to her death, with no crystals left to revive her a second time. With no other options, Low uses the portal to meet the rest of the aliens in Spacetime Six; with the portal open, the aliens can perceive the route home and return to Cocytus. They restore Brink and Robbins to life and cure Brink of his addiction to the crystals, though this leaves him as an elderly man. If Low left Robbins dead, she is happy to see him, but if Low revived her, she is angry and scorns him. As promised, the aliens reconstruct a spacecraft for the humans, and representatives of the species join the humans as they return to Earth.


[201] GameTitle : The Shivah
Greg Costikyan, creator of Manifesto Games, stated that "the basic theme is the nature of morality."[2] In The Shivah players assume the role of Rabbi Russell Stone, a hard-hearted man who is struggling with his faith. He is visited by the police and informed that a former member of his dilapidated New York City synagogue, Jack Lauder, has been murdered. Stone and Lauder had an acrimonious falling out and Stone drove Lauder from his congregation, and as such is puzzled to learn that Lauder has bequeathed him a large sum of money. The police are suspicious as to Stone's possible role in Lauder's death, and Stone himself is curious, and as such he sets out to investigate the murder himself and clear his name. Stone begins by paying a Shivah visit to the widow of the murdered man, then tracks down a dangerous criminal named Joe DeMarco who he suspects may be the killer. His investigation takes him to a large, wealthy synagogue, where he discovers that the corrupt Rabbi who runs it, Zelig, is in league with organised crime.


[203] GameTitle : I Have No Mouth, and I Must Scream
The story takes place 109 years after the complete destruction of human civilization. The Cold War had escalated into a world war, fought mainly between China, Russia, and the United States. As the war progressed, the three warring nations each created a super-computer capable of running the war more efficiently than humans.
The machines are each referred to as "AM", which originally stood for "Allied Mastercomputer", and then was later called "Adaptive Manipulator". Finally, "AM" stands for "Aggressive Menace". One day, one of the three computers becomes self-aware, and promptly absorbs the other two, thus taking control of the entire war. It carries out campaigns of mass genocide, killing off all but four men and one woman.
The survivors live together underground in an endless complex, the only habitable place left. The master computer harbors an immeasurable hatred for the group and spends every available moment torturing them. AM has not only managed to keep the humans from taking their own lives, but has made them virtually immortal.
The story's narrative begins when one of the humans, Nimdok, has the idea that there is canned food somewhere in the great complex. The humans are always near starvation under AM's rule, and anytime they are given food, it is always a disgusting meal that they have difficulty eating. Because of their great hunger, the humans are coerced into making the long journey to the place where the food is supposedly kept—the ice caves. Along the way, the machine provides foul sustenance, sends horrible monsters after them, emits earsplitting sounds, and blinds Benny when he tries to escape.
On more than one occasion, the group is separated by AM's obstacles. At one point, the narrator, Ted, is knocked unconscious and begins dreaming. He envisions the computer, anthropomorphized, standing over a hole in his brain speaking to him directly. Based on this nightmare, Ted comes to a conclusion about AM's nature, specifically why it has so much contempt for humanity; that despite its abilities it lacks the sapience to be creative or the ability to move freely. It wants nothing more than to exact revenge on humanity by torturing these last remnants of the species that created it.
The group reaches the ice caves, where indeed there is a pile of canned goods. The group is overjoyed to find them, but is immediately crestfallen to find that they have no means of opening them. In a final act of desperation, Benny attacks Gorrister and begins to gnaw at the flesh on his face.
Ted, in a moment of clarity, realizes their only escape is through death. He seizes a stalactite made of ice and kills Benny and Gorrister. Ellen realizes what Ted is doing, and kills Nimdok, before being herself killed by Ted. Ted runs out of time before he can kill himself, and is stopped by AM. AM, unable to return Ted's four companions to life, focuses all his rage on Ted. To ensure that Ted can never kill himself, AM transforms him into a helpless, gelatinous blob that is incapable of causing itself harm, and constantly alters his perception of time to deepen his anguish. Ted is, however, grateful that he was able to save the others from further torture. Ted's closing thoughts end with the sentence that gives the story its title. "I have no mouth. And I must scream."


[211] GameTitle : NEON STRUCT


[214] GameTitle : Metal Dead
The game begins with protagonist Malcolm and his best friend Ronnie driving down zombie infested streets in a beat-up car. Upon learning that Ronnie is driving them directly into the heart of the undead infestation, Malcolm grabs the wheel and causes them to crash outside the MediGeniTech building, a place where nefarious medical experiments are said to take place. Ronnie dies a violent death in the wreck, leaving Malcolm to find his way into the building on his lonesome. Once inside the facility, Malcolm meets Doctor Fritz Von Fechenheim, a stereotypical German mad scientist who sends him on an errand to collect the head of a zombie.
When returning to the wrecked car, Malcolm finds that Ronnie has already become one of the undead. Using his wits, he manages to remove Ronnie's head without damaging the brain and brings it back to Doctor Fechenheim, who then performs an experimental surgical procedure. By installing a speaker and other various machinery inside the disembodied cranium, Fechenheim gives Ronnie the ability to communicate as if he were never dead. Before long, Ronnie is back to his normal self, sans body and perhaps a little more rotten than before.
As friends reunited, Malcolm and Ronnie vow to discover the cause and source of the zombie apocalypse, which seems to be converging on the MediGeniTech building. With an elevator keycard obtained from the Doctor, they begin their ascent, meeting a cast of weird characters along the way and uncovering the building's dark secrets.


[230] GameTitle : Arcanum: Of Steamworks and Magick Obscura
Arcanum begins with a cut scene of the IFS Zephyr, a luxury zeppelin, on her maiden voyage from Caladon to Tarant. Two monoplanes, piloted by Half-Ogre bandits, close in on the craft and commence attack runs, succeeding in shooting it down. An old gnome who is a passenger aboard the Zephyr is now in his death throes under charred debris and tells the player to bring a silver ring to "the boy," and promptly dies. Being the only survivor of the crash, the main character is proclaimed as "The Living One," a holy reincarnate, by the only witness to the crash, Virgil. The story follows the player's path as he searches for the origin of the ring. Over the course of the game, the player uncovers more about the history of the continent, the motivation of the assassins who are trying to kill him, and the identity of the one threatening to end all life in the land.[18]
Arcanum is an example of a non-linear role-playing game. At various points throughout the game, players may take the story in different directions, sometimes permanently removing different paths of action. The game's central quest ultimately develops according to how players navigate its dichotomies, the most apparent being that of magic and technology. Many of the game's side quests allow for more than one solution depending on the player character's specializations and certain portions of the main quest can be solved more easily through dialogue than through combat. The game's magic/technology and good/evil alignments also influence what followers a character can attract throughout the game or how other NPCs will react to the player.[19]


[232] GameTitle : Five Nights at Freddy's 4
The game starts with a minigame which shows a young boy who is locked in his bedroom with plush toys, in which he calls his friends.[5] It is speculated that Five Nights at Freddy's 4's gameplay is the result of the boy suffering from nightmares that he is being attacked by the animatronics, and must protect himself. After the player survives the first night, Fredbear tells the boy that "he" (who is presumably the boy's brother) is hiding in the house, before the boy is jump-scared by his brother, who is wearing a Foxy mask. [6] After the second night, the boy is abandoned at the pizzeria, only to be warned by Fredbear's voice that "he" is coming and that he needs to be brave; however, the boy is sensitive and afraid of the animatronics and costumed mascots, and he ends up crying. An easter egg during this scene briefly shows the "Purple Guy" from the second and third games placing someone in the Spring Bonnie suit.[7]
After the third night, the minigame reveals that other children tease the boy, calling him a coward and crybaby,[8] and that there are rumors of the animatronics coming to life at night and attempting to murder people.[9] The boy, in turn, sees his plush toys as his only friends and generally eschews interaction with other people in favor of them. After the fourth night, it is revealed that he was once locked in the building's parts and services room as a prank.[10] If the fifth night is completed, the boy is shown crying at his own birthday party in the pizzeria. "He" is revealed to be the boy's brother, alongside other bullies wearing the masks of the animatronics from the first game to terrorize the boy.[11] The group, deciding to prank the boy, grab him and try to get him close to the mouth of Fredbear for a "kiss"[12] and end up stuffing the boy's head into the mouth of Fredbear.[13] Suddenly, Fredbear, who was in the middle of singing, forcefully closes his mouth, resulting in the boy's head being crushed while the brother and his friends stare in abject horror.
After the sixth night, the boy hears a voice apologizing to him,[14] as Fredbear promises him that no matter how many times he "breaks", he and the others will always be there to "put him back together" and will always be his friends.[15] The characters then fade out one by one by each sentence, and the faint sound of a heart monitor flatlining can be heard, ending the game. Following this, the player unlocks Nightmare mode, which is the same as the sixth night with the exception of a new animatronic, Nightmare (theorized to be a nightmarish version of Shadow Freddy, as seen very rarely in Five Nights at Freddy's 2 and seen in the minigames of Five Nights at Freddy's 3) who is a more aggressive version of Nightmare Fredbear.
If the player completes Nightmare mode, an image of a locked metal trunk is displayed; if the player wiggles the padlocks, the game eventually states "Perhaps some things are best left forgotten, for now."[16] Cawthon has remained cryptic about what is inside the trunk, and has yet to reveal so.
Throughout the game, when one looks in the background, very rarely, they can see a container of pills on the night table, an IV, and flowers on the night table, implying that the boy is now in the hospital after the events of the Bite, and one theory suggests that the reason that he sees the animatronics, particularly Fredbear, (his root fear) as nightmares is that he was killed by one of them.


[248] GameTitle : Dragon Age: Origins Awakening
Set six months after the events of Dragon Age: Origins in the land of Amaranthine, Dragon Age: Origins - Awakening places the player in the role of a Grey Warden trying to rebuild the order while also dealing with political matters as the Arl of Amaranthine.
Named the Warden Commander, the player travels to Vigil's Keep to assume command of the Grey Wardens there. However, the keep is discovered to have been assaulted by Darkspawn, and something amiss is noticed as such an organized attack would have taken an intelligent leader to direct, something thought impossible without the presence of an Archdemon. The player is able to clear the keep with the aid of Mhairi, an able female warrior and prospective Grey Warden, and two others: Anders, an apostate mage who seeks refuge away from the Tower of Magi, and Oghren, a Dwarven berserker returning from Dragon Age: Origins. A new, talking Darkspawn, a Disciple, is discovered to have been the leader of the enemy forces and is defeated. With the keep secured, the player then sets forth on a journey to help garner support for the Grey Wardens and new recruits to join the order's ranks while also looking for clues as to solve the mystery of the intelligent Darkspawn. Mhairi, Anders and Oghren all undergo the Joining - Mhairi dies while the other two survive.
Throughout the game, the player journeys to several locations and recruits party members who may undergo the Joining ritual to become Grey Wardens. These members are: Nathaniel Howe, an assassin and son of Arl Rendon Howe from Origins; Velanna, a Dalish Mage exiled from her clan; Sigrun, a dwarf and member of the Legion of the Dead; and Justice, a spirit trapped in the body of a deceased Grey Warden, Along his or her travels, the player meets the "Architect", a strange darkspawn figure whose intentions remain unclear until the end of the game, and learns about the "Mother", who is a sentient broodmother, a breed of darkspawn capable of spawning thousands of other darkspawn.
After recruiting all available party members, the player learns of an oncoming war, as Darkspawn advance towards the city of Amaranthine. The player travels to the city with a small band of allies, but soon learns of another Darkspawn force that is headed for Vigil's Keep. Depending on his or her decisions, the player may either order Amaranthine to be burned down after deeming it too late to be saved, causing all the Darkspawn and civilians inside to die, and head back to the Keep, or stay and fight to rid Amaranthine of Darkspawn forces, thus forcing Vigil's Keep to be on its own against the Darkspawn attack there.
Regardless of his or her choice, the player aids in the destruction of the enemy forces and then travels to Drake's Fall, where the "Mother" is presumed to be residing. The player meets the "Architect" once again, and learns of his intention to free the Darkspawn from the impulse to commence a Blight and annihilate the corrupted "Mother." The player may either ally with the "Architect" or kill him. He or she then locates the "Mother", where he or she learns of the ongoing antagonism between the "Architect" and the "Mother" and finds out that the "Architect" had been the one who had awakened the archdemon from the main game after a failed experiment. Ultimately, the player kills the "Mother."
After the Mother is defeated a slideshow detailing the outcomes of the player's choices will be shown, which includes the states of Vigil's Keep and Amaranthine, the fates of each of the companions, and the ultimate fate of the Warden Commander.


[258] GameTitle : Putt-Putt Goes to the Moon
Putt-Putt and Pep are excited to visit Mr. Firebird in the Fireworks Factory. As they enter, they are welcomed by Mr. Firebird. Mr. Firebird offers Putt-Putt to make fireworks, but he warns him not to touch the lever. After he finishes, a butterfly enters the factory and lands on the lever. Unfortunately, the excited Pep tries to catch the butterfly, only to pull the lever by accident. Rockets flew around everywhere, and one of them blasted Putt-Putt and Pep through the roof and out of the factory! The two of them fly into space and eventually land on the moon, and Putt-Putt wonders how they will return to Earth.
Putt-Putt meets Rover after being saved from the moon goo when a bridge collapsed. Rover explains his situation of being abandoned by astronauts, and wants to return to Earth too. After Putt-Putt wishes that there's something he can do, Rover shows Putt-Putt a rocket ice cream shop. Putt-Putt needs to find rocket parts and glowing moon crystals to purchase the rocket and fly back to Earth.
Once Putt-Putt has everything, he purchases the rocket with glowing moon crystals. Putt-Putt then places the parts and the rocket blasts to Earth. Back on Earth, the other cars are happy that Putt-Putt has returned and has met Rover.


[263] GameTitle : Arx Fatalis
Arx Fatalis (Latin for "fatal fortress") is set on a world whose sun has failed, forcing the above-ground creatures to take refuge in subterranean caverns. The action in Arx Fatalis takes place in one of these large caves, where inhabitants from all races such as Trolls, Goblins, Dwarves, Humans, etc. have made their homes on various levels of the cave. The player awakens inside a prison cell and, after making his escape, eventually discovers his mission is to subvert and imprison the God of Destruction, Akbaa, who is trying to manifest itself in Arx.


[267] GameTitle : Bendy and the Ink Machine
The player plays as Henry, an animator, who gets an invitation to his old workplace, an animation studio called Joey Drew Studios, by the eponymous owner and Henry's old friend, Joey Drew. Upon arriving, the place seems deserted and run through with ink pipes. While exploring, Henry finds the Ink Machine, as well as evidence that Joey began practicing with the occult. He finds a mutilated corpse of Boris the Wolf, one of the cartoon characters appearing in Joey's cartoon posters. Upon restoring power to the Ink Machine, Henry is attacked by a living ink version of another of the cartoon characters named Bendy. Henry runs to the exit, but falls into a secret underground room as the floor collapses. He then uses an axe to break into another room with a pentagram painted on the ground with ink. Upon approaching the pentagram, Henry gets flashbacks of the Ink Machine and Bendy before passing out.
Chapter Two: The Old Song[edit]
Upon waking up, Henry begins to find more evidence of Drew and musical director Sammy Lawrence performing in Satanic rituals. Apparently stuck in the studio, Lawrence went insane and began worshiping Bendy as a form of appeasement, believing that the cartoon devil was a literal demon. Henry ends up in the Music Department of the studio by following tracks through recordings to find his way out. While trying to escape, he encounters the Searchers, who are humanoid ink monsters that try to kill Henry. After draining the pool of ink down, Henry is knocked unconscious by Sammy Lawrence. Lawrence ties up Henry and explains that he has to sacrifice Henry to get "Bendy" to release him from his ink body. When "Bendy" arrives, he attacks and kills Lawrence instead, and eventually chases after Henry. After getting away, Henry finds a living version of Boris the Wolf as the chapter ends. After the credits, the player is shown Sammy Lawrence's remains: a puddle of ink with his mask in the middle.
Chapter Three: Rise and Fall[edit]
In chapter three, the player wakes up in a safe room; upon exiting the room and turning a corner they see Boris. In order to leave Boris' safe-house, Henry needs to find three cans of soup and give them to Boris, after which he will supply Henry with the lever handle required to open the door. As Henry and Boris leave the safe-house, and continue through the studio, they reach a dead end, and Boris crawls through a small hatch that closes behind him. Henry enters a large room with a sign titled 'Heavenly Toys', and as he keeps walking, he enters a smaller room, which abruptly goes dark. Alice Angel suddenly appears, smashes the glass window of a space at the back of the room, and then escapes into the studio. Alice Angel invites Henry and Boris down to level 9, where she has set up residence, and instructs Henry to complete a series of tasks for her while providing him with tools to help him. The tasks consist of finding four special gears, collecting four gobs of extra thick ink from the Swollen Searchers, destroying four Bendy cutouts, and getting five ink hearts from the very bottom floor, where the Projectionist resides. Once these tasks are completed, Alice will allow him to leave. However, Boris unfortunately gets on the lift with Henry, and Alice brings the lift plummeting back down to her lair, screaming that Henry has robbed her of the Boris that she needs to become "beautiful" again. Once the lift reaches the floor level 9, Alice Angel appears, walking towards an unsuspecting Boris as he attempts to revive an unconscious Henry, and she pulls him away into her lair, ending the chapter. There are two paths to choose in the chapter: choosing the Path of the Angel causes an Alice Angel teaser to appear, which shows Boris tied up, an axe lying on the table, and Alice Angel's shadow on the wall. If Henry chooses the Path of the Demon, "Bendy" is shown in an ink-filled room with the "Butcher Gang" enemies (Piper, Fisher, and Striker) and a Searcher.
Chapter Four[edit]
Chapter Five[edit]


[272] GameTitle : Subsurface Circular
While the player can select from several names for the playable character, this summary assumes the use of "Theta One One" for purposes of clarity.
Theta One One, the playable character, is a android-like Tek, assigned as a detective for other Teks on a subway system and serving his human masters, known as "management". During one night, one Tek, a fabricator, tells Theta One One of another Tek that had gone missing, and Theta One One decides to take the case. As the subway train circles the city, Theta One One talks to other Tek passengers, learning of a mysterious Red Tek that may be connected to the mystery, that a number of other Teks may have gone missing, and that there is growing resent to Teks by the human population in the city above. Eventually, Theta One One is able to upload the case details to management, upon which they inform the Tek that since it took the case without their instructions, the Tek will be apprehended. At the next station, two detective Teks arrive, preparing to deal with Theta One One, but the Tek is able to manipulate the pair to learn that over hundreds of Teks have gone missing over the last several months, and to management, they saw this as a rounding error in Tek production. Management did not want this known, and thus it seems to others that Teks have simply gone missing. The detective Teks use an override access code to reset Theta One One to an unassigned position and leave him to get off later on the subway ride to take itself to fabrication and be reassigned.
Theta One One is still experiencing the sense of loss when at the next stop it meets an infantry Tek who seeks to confess its sins. Theta One One manages to cox this out of the Tek, and learns that it was part of the plan to overproduce infantry Teks that have been amassing outside of the city above, preparing to attack it; this is the source of management's rounding error. At the next stop, the same fabricator that Theta One One first talked to that night comes aboard, and reveals it was the Red Tek others spoke of, and is leading this plan. It planned to use the infantry Teks to kill management and have Teks take over which could run the city more efficiently; this would help the humans working low-level jobs to be able to pursue more constructive options while Teks replace their roles. Otherwise, without this change, the system will continue on the status quo, with management using Teks to replace humans, and hurting many humans in the process. Red Tek needed Theta One One to investigate as it did as to scout the current situation in the city from the Tek's perspective, providing its high-level intelligence to analyze the situation. At this point, Red Tek offers Theta One One a weapon and tells it that a choice to kill Red Tek or itself must be made; by killing Red Tek, Theta One One will be able to report to management about the infantry Teks and give them time to stop it, as to let the status quo remain; by killing itself, Theta One One would allow the Tek overthrow to proceed. The game ends after the player makes either choice.


[273] GameTitle : Tokyo Dark
The player takes control of Detective Itō Ayami (voiced by Asama Hikage). A few days ago, her partner went missing. While looking for him she gets tangled up in a mysterious case and is forced to face her own past. Depending on the player's stats and the insanity level, one out of eleven endings can be reached.


[276] GameTitle : FINAL FANTASY VII
AVALANCHE performs a successful bombing operation at a Shinra Mako reactor in Midgar. A second run on another reactor goes wrong, and Cloud falls into the slums of the city. There, he meets Aerith and defends her from an attack by the Turks.[24][25] Meanwhile, Shinra finds AVALANCHE's location and collapses part of the upper city, killing most of AVALANCHE along with the slum population below.[26] Aerith is also captured; as a Cetra, she can potentially reveal the "Promised Land", which Shinra believes is overflowing with exploitable Lifestream energy.[27][28] Cloud, Barret and Tifa rescue Aerith but are captured after encountering a specimen dubbed "Jenova". They awaken to find their prison cells opened, and escape to find President Shinra killed. A katana in the President's body indicates that the attacker was Sephiroth, who was presumed dead seven years earlier.[29] The party escape Midgar and pursue Sephiroth across the Planet; along the way, they are joined by Red XIII, Cait Sith and Cid, and can recruit Yuffie and Vincent.
The party meet Sephiroth at a Cetra temple, where he reveals his intent to use the Black Materia to summon "Meteor", a spell that will fatally injure the Planet with a meteorite strike. At the point of impact, Sephiroth will absorb the Lifestream as it attempts to heal the wound, becoming a god-like being.[30] The party drives Sephiroth back, retrieving the Black Materia, but Sephiroth manipulates Cloud into surrendering it. Aerith sets off alone to stop Sephiroth, following him to an abandoned Cetra city. During her attempt to pray for help from the Planet, Sephiroth tries to force Cloud to kill her, then kills her himself before fleeing, leaving the Black Materia for the party to reclaim.[31] The party then learns more of Jenova, whose remains were unearthed by Shinra scientists several decades earlier and mistaken for a Cetra. In an experiment at Nibelheim, Jenova's cells were used to create Sephiroth.[20][31] Five years prior to the present, Sephiroth and Cloud were sent to Nibelheim on a mission, where Sephiroth discovered the truth about his origins. Driven insane by the revelation, he murdered the townspeople, then vanished when confronted by Cloud.
The party heads to the Northern Crater, where Sephiroth will use the Black Materia. Confronting him, they learn that the "Sephiroths" they have encountered are Jenova clones created by the insane Shinra scientist Hojo. Confronting the real Sephiroth as he is killing his clones to reunite Jenova's cells, Cloud is again manipulated into delivering the Black Materia to him, summoning Meteor. Sephiroth then taunts Cloud by showing another SOLDIER in Cloud's place in his memories of Nibelheim, suggesting that Cloud is also a Sephiroth clone.[32] Sephiroth summons Meteor; Cloud falls into the Lifestream and the party evacuates with Rufus and the Turks, who arrest them. Shinra focuses its efforts on protecting humanity from the Planet's defensive force ("Weapon") and attempting to destroy Meteor directly, which eventually costs the lives of the majority of Shinra's personnel, including Rufus.[33] Escaping Shinra, the party discover Cloud at an island hospital in a catatonic state from Mako poisoning. Tifa stays with him, and when the island is attacked by a Weapon, the two fall into the Lifestream.
Within the Lifestream, Tifa helps Cloud reconstruct his memories. Cloud was never accepted into SOLDIER, instead becoming a low-ranking infantryman. The SOLDIER in his memories was his friend Zack. At Nibelheim, Cloud was injured, but fatally wounded Sephiroth, who only survived due to Jenova. Cloud and Zack were then taken for experiments by Hojo, with Zack escaping four years later with a catatonic Cloud. The two were eventually cornered by Shinra soldiers, and Zack was killed; the combined trauma of his experience, the experiments and Zack's death triggered an identity crisis, with Cloud constructing a false persona around Zack's stories and his own fantasies.[31][34] Realizing and accepting his past, Cloud recovers and together with Tifa reunites with the party. It is revealed that Aerith's prayer to the Planet was successful: the Planet had attempted to summon Holy to prevent Meteor's impact, but Sephiroth blocked Holy. After killing Hojo when he tries to aid Sephiroth, who is revealed to be Hojo's biological son,[20] the party descends into the Planet's core and defeats both Jenova and Sephiroth. The party escapes and Holy is summoned, attempting to block Meteor as it descends on Midgar. As Meteor is too close, Holy cannot block it, but the Lifestream rises from the planet and aids Holy in destroying Meteor.[35] Five hundred years later, Red XIII is seen with two cubs looking out over the ruins of Midgar, which are now covered in greenery, showing the planet has healed.


[279] GameTitle : Call of Duty: Black Ops
Call of Duty: Black Ops takes place during the 1960s in the Cold War, around 20 years after the events of World at War. It focuses on CIA clandestine black operations carried out behind enemy lines. Missions take place in various locations around the globe such as the Ural Mountains, Kazakhstan, Cuba, Hong Kong, Laos, South Vietnam, the Arctic circle and Siberia. The single-player campaign revolves around an experimental chemical weapon codenamed "Nova-6". This weapon is bound to be used by sleeper agents in the United States, who are infused with sequences of numbers, once broadcasts are transmitted from an unknown numbers station.
The player controls the protagonist, SAD/SOG special forces operative Cpt. Alex Mason (Sam Worthington). Occasionally, CIA paramilitary operations officer Jason Hudson (Ed Harris) and some other characters are playable to progress the story. Alex is often joined by fellow operatives Sgt. Frank Woods (James C. Burns) and Joseph Bowman (Ice Cube), while Jason teams up with Grigori Weaver (Gene Farber), a Russian-born field operative. Viktor Reznov (Gary Oldman), a key character from the Soviet campaign in World at War, returns along with that game's Russian protagonist Dimitri Petrenko (Boris Kievsky) also making an appearance. Oldman also voices Daniel Clarke, a British scientist assisting in the development of Project Nova. Opposing the CIA are the leaders of Project Nova: former Red Army General Nikita Dragovich (Eamon Hunt), Colonel Lev Kravchenko (Andrew Divoff), and former Nazi scientist Doctor Friedrich Steiner (Mark Bramhall). Black Ops also features several historical figures: during the story Mason meets John F. Kennedy, Robert McNamara, and Fidel Castro.
Story[edit]
On February 25, 1968, SAD operative Alex Mason is strapped to a chair in an interrogation room, bombarded with questions by his unseen captors about the location of a numbers station. Mason then recalls several events, as an attempt to answer their questions.
On April 17, 1961, Mason, Woods, and Bowman take part in Operation 40 to assassinate Fidel Castro in Cuba during the Bay of Pigs Invasion. Mason apparently succeeds and stays behind to protect the extraction plane from an oncoming blockade, before being captured by the real Castro, having shot a double. Handed over to Major General Nikita Dragovich to be held captive at Vorkuta Gulag, Mason befriends inmate and former Red Army soldier Viktor Reznov. Reznov recounts to Mason the identities of their enemies: Dragovich, his right-hand man Lev Kravchenko, and ex-Nazi scientist Friedrich Steiner, who defected to the Soviet Union. In October 1945, Reznov and Dimitri Petrenko were sent to extract Steiner from a Nazi base in the Arctic. However, they were betrayed by Dragovich, who tested Steiner's nerve gas known as "Nova-6" on Petrenko, killing him. Reznov was spared the same fate when British Commandos, also interested in acquiring Nova-6, attacked the Soviets. Reznov destroyed the Nova-6 and escaped, only to be captured by the Soviets and sent to Vorkuta. The Soviets later recreated Nova-6 with the help of a British scientist, Daniel Clarke.
Having spent over a year imprisoned, Mason and Reznov spark an uprising to flee the gulag, but only Mason manages to escape. On November 10, 1963, Mason meets with President John F. Kennedy, who authorizes a mission to assassinate Dragovich; Mason briefly envisions aiming a handgun at Kennedy. Mason, Woods, Bowman, and Weaver are dispatched to the Baikonur Cosmodrome to disrupt the Soviet space program and eliminate members of "Ascension", a Soviet program giving sanctuary to Nazi scientists in exchange for their knowledge. The team destroys the Soyuz spacecraft, while Woods apparently kills Dragovich in a car explosion with a commandeered BTR.
On January 21, 1968, Mason's team is sent to Vietnam. After defending Khe Sanh, they recover a dossier on Dragovich from a Russian defector in Hue City during the Tet Offensive. The defector turns out to be none other than Reznov, who joins them as they penetrate Laos to recover a Nova-6 shipment from a downed Soviet plane. They are captured by Viet Cong and Spetznaz infiltrators at the crash site. Bowman is executed, but Woods and Mason hijack an Mi-24 Hind in the confusion and escape, moving on to rescue Reznov from Kravchenko's base. They confront Kravchenko and Woods stabs him, but Kravchenko pulls the pins off of four grenades strapped to himself, forcing Woods to sacrifice himself by pushing both himself and Kravchenko out of a window. In a huge explosion, Mason presumes the two dead.
Meanwhile, Hudson and Weaver interrogate Clarke in Kowloon City. Clarke reveals the location of a hidden facility in Mount Yamantau before being killed by Dragovich's men. Hudson and Weaver move to destroy the facility and receive a transmission from Steiner requesting to meet at Rebirth Island, as Dragovich has begun killing loose ends. Mason and Reznov head there to assassinate Steiner at the same time, succeeding just as Hudson and Weaver arrive. Mason is adamant that Reznov executed Steiner, but Hudson had witnessed Mason carrying out the act alone.
Hudson and Weaver are revealed to be Mason's interrogators. Dragovich has communist sleeper cells placed all over the United States which, when ordered by the numbers broadcast, will release the Nova-6 gas. As a result, the U.S. is preparing a pre-emptive nuclear strike on the Soviet Union, which would result in the inevitable Mutual Assured Destruction of World War III. Hudson needed Steiner to abort the gas launch, but after his death, only Mason has any knowledge of the numbers station. Hudson reveals that Dragovich brainwashed Mason to understand the numbers broadcasts and assassinate Kennedy, effectively making him a Soviet sleeper agent. The real Reznov never escaped, but died during the Vorkuta breakout attempt, and the Soviet defector in Hue was actually killed before Mason reached him. Mason’s visions of Reznov are a result of a dissociative disorder caused by the traumatic brainwashing program. Prior to the Vorkuta uprising, Reznov reprogrammed Mason to assassinate Dragovich, Kravchenko, and Steiner instead. Mason finally remembers the location of the broadcast station: a Russian cargo ship called Rusalka off the coast of Cuba. An assault on the Rusalka begins, with Mason and Hudson infiltrating the underwater submarine base protecting the ship. Hudson calls in the United States Navy to destroy the Rusalka. Mason and Hudson finally confront Dragovich in the lower levels of the facility, and Mason strangles and drowns him to death before escaping with Hudson. They regroup with Weaver, who declares victory.
Archive footage of President Kennedy prior to his assassination is shown in November 22 1963, revealing Mason was among onlookers who watched Kennedy disembark from Air Force One at Love Field. His presence, and Dragovich's taunt before his death, suggest that Mason may have carried out his initial programming. A hidden message that can be accessed in the game's main menu reveals that Woods survived the confrontation with Kravchenko and is currently incarcerated in the Hanoi Hilton.
Zombies[edit]
Characters and settings[edit]
The Zombies story takes place over various eras of time, mostly during the final year of World War II, and the 1960s. The story mainly follows four soldiers: Corporal "Tank" Dempsey (Steven Blum) of the United States Marine Corps, Sergeant Nikolai Belinski (Fred Tatasciore) of the Red Army, Captain Takeo Masaki (Tom Kane) of the Imperial Japanese Army, and Doctor Edward Richtofen (Nolan North) of the Wehrmacht. Other characters include Doctor Ludvig Maxis (Fred Tatasciore) and his daughter Samantha (Julie Nathanson). The map "Five" features historical figures: John F. Kennedy (Jim Meskimen), Robert McNamara (Robert Picardo), Richard Nixon (Dave Mallow), and Fidel Castro (Marlon Correa). "Call of the Dead" features the appearance of celebrities: Sarah Michelle Gellar, Robert Englund, Danny Trejo, Michael Rooker, and George A. Romero, all playing themselves.
Story[edit]





This section's plot summary may be too long or excessively detailed. Please help improve it by removing unnecessary details and making it more concise. (October 2015) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)


During World War II, Doctor Ludvig Maxis formed Group 935, a group of scientists that was intended to improve the human condition. Lacking funds, they soon turned to creating superweapons to aid the Nazis. Their discovery of Element 115 from a meteorite in Japan lead to the creation of zombies. Maxis and his assistant, Dr. Edward Richtofen, also work on other projects, leading to the creation of teleportation devices and 115-powered weapons. Attempting to use himself as a test subject, Richtofen accidentally teleports to a catacomb within the Moon, where he comes into contact with a mysterious pyramid device that causes him to hear mysterious voices, slowly taking away his sanity. He is later teleported to an exotic jungle known as Shangri-La, where he spends three weeks studying the Vril energy force. Upon returning to Germany, Richtofen secretly forms a plan to kill Maxis, and gathers many members of Group 935 to build a moon base, known as Griffin Station. While maintaining his cover with Maxis and the rest of Group 935, Richtofen manages to capture three soldiers: Tank Dempsey, Nikolai Belinski, and Takeo Masaki; he begins to conduct experiments with Element 115, causing memory loss for all three soldiers.
Maxis continues his work on other experiments, attempting to use his daughter's dog, Fluffy, as a test subject for his own teleportation device. However, the experiment fails, and Fluffy is transformed into an undead Hellhound. Richtofen takes the opportunity and traps Maxis and his daughter Samantha inside the teleporter with Fluffy, believing that they would die. Richtofen escapes with his three captured soldiers, and arrives at the Rising Sun research facility in Japan, where Element 115 was first discovered. After gathering a sample of 115 at the site, and recovering a weapon known as the Wunderwaffe DG-2, they return to the Der Riese factory in Germany. In an attempt to escape the zombie horde, the group accidentally overloads a teleporter with the DG-2, sending them forward in time. They arrive at an abandoned Nazi theater in the 1960s, where Richtofen discovers several recordings left behind by Dr. Maxis. Samantha, having survived and managing to control the zombies, continues raising the undead in order to hunt down Richtofen.
Some time in 1963, the United States government manages to grab hold of several of Group 935's inventions, keeping them hidden in the Pentagon. Due to the presence of the undead-raising Element 115, zombies breach the Pentagon. John F. Kennedy, Richard Nixon, Robert McNamara, and Fidel Castro are trapped within the Pentagon, forced to fight their way out. Meanwhile, Richtofen's crew arrive at a Soviet Cosmodrome site, where Richtofen intends to travel to Group 935's moon base, Griffin Station. The crew is contacted by Gersh, a member of the Ascension Group who requests to be freed from Samantha's grip. After freeing Gersh, the four of them are teleported further in time, and arrive at a Siberian lighthouse sometime in 2011, once used by Richtofen as a secret lab. However, they are trapped within a locked room, and forced to rely on four movie actors: Sarah Michelle Gellar, Danny Trejo, Robert Englund, and Michael Rooker, who are filming a zombie movie on-site along with director George A. Romero, who had been infected as well. Richtofen requests the four celebrities to find a golden rod, which is a Vril generator device, which he then uses to fix the teleporter. He transports himself and the other three soldiers back to Shangri-La, leaving the celebrities behind to continue fighting Romero and the horde. At Shangri-La, the group discovers two explorers, Gary and Brock, who died trapped within a time loop while trying to discover the secrets of the mythical Agartha realm. The group saves the explorers' lives by traveling back and forth in time, altering the environments of the temple in the process. They discover an altar within the temple with Richtofen's name written on it, as well as a piece of a meteorite containing Element 115. However, the explorers remain stuck in the never-ending loop.
With the Vril generator and the meteorite piece, Richtofen now believes he can control the zombies, and returns to Griffin Station. Here, they attempt to activate the MPD, a machine that controls the Aether energy, which opens to reveal Samantha inside; instead of dying by Richtofen's trap, Samantha was teleported to the moon while Maxis was sent somewhere else. Samantha accidentally triggered the MPD and was trapped within the device, but this also allowed her to enter the Aether realm. Maxis, who was retrieved by Group 935 scientists, apologized to his daughter and committed suicide in front of her, prompting her to assume control of the zombies and seek vengeance on Richtofen. Richtofen fuses the golden rod and the meteorite piece, and using it to switch souls with Samantha, takes over as the new zombie controller. This causes his former allies to feel betrayed, and they ally themselves with Samantha (who now resides in Richtofen's body). Maxis is revealed to have become a sentient artificial intelligence living within the systems of Griffin Station, and he guides his daughter and the three soldiers to launch three missiles at the Earth. This severs Richtofen's link with the Aether, but the launch results in the catastrophic destruction of the Earth, while still leaving Richtofen in control of the undead.


[280] GameTitle : Dead Space 2
The game begins in an asylum on the Sprawl, a densely populated civilian space station built onto the last remaining shard of Titan, one of Saturn's moons, and site of the first planet crack.[12][13] Isaac Clarke awakens with no memory of the past 3 years since Aegis VII, having just been awoken by Franco Delille (protagonist of Dead Space Ignition), an engineer on the Sprawl who was sent by Daina to rescue Isaac. With the already-ongoing Necromorph outbreak, an Infector kills and mutates Franco into a Slasher in front of Isaac, leaving Isaac to escape on his own.[14]
While running away from the chaos of the Necromorph outbreak, he stumbles upon a bloodied Foster Edgars, a scientist that oversaw Isaac and Nolan Stross' sessions, put him in a neck hold with a medical knife to Isaac's neck. Isaac pleads with Edgars to let him go while they can still evac the station. Edgars frees Isaac from his straight-jacket and kills himself. Soon, Isaac is contacted by Daina Le Guin, a woman claiming to have a cure for his "condition".[15] He is also contacted by fellow patient Nolan Stross (a main character from Dead Space: Aftermath), who endured a treatment similar to Isaac's.[16] Daina explains that Sprawl Director, Hans Tiedemann, is building a new Marker using information encoded in Isaac and Stross' brains.[16][17][18] She also claims that a self-replicating signal was imprinted on Isaac's mind by his previous encounter with the Marker, putting his life in grave danger, which Tiedemann kept in check with memory suppressants.[17] Ignoring Stross, Isaac fights his way through the city (still filled with survivors trying to escape the Necromorphs[19]) to reach Daina. Along the way, Isaac experiences hallucinations of Nicole, which become more vivid as "she" tries to deter him from his task.[20] Once he reaches Daina, she reveals herself to be a Unitologist agent and has Isaac restrained. Isaac pleads her to leave him alone and give him a cure but she assures him that there is no cure and claiming that they need him to build more Markers to spread Convergence, an event foretold in Unitology, across the universe; however, an EarthGov gunship strikes their space ship, killing Daina and her associates and allowing Isaac to escape.[21]
Stross contacts Isaac, claiming that they can destroy the Marker, telling him its location in the Sprawl's Government Sector; left with no choice, Isaac reluctantly decides to trust Stross.[22] As he makes his way there, Isaac comes across Ellie Langford, a CEC pilot who lost her crew during the outbreak. She eventually joins their mission after coming across Stross, almost killing him but was convinced by Isaac to keep him alive and safe from danger.[23][24][25][26] As they travel through the Sprawl, they encounter several obstacles caused by Tiedemann and the Necromorphs. Tiedemann uses a solar array beam that Isaac activated earlier to turn back on the life support in the station, to cut off the transport tube to the government sector, forcing Isaac to venture back inside the Ishimura, which is docked at the Sprawl for decontamination and repair after the events of the first game.[25][27][28][29] Later on, Stross' dementia worsens, causing him to gouge Ellie's eye out with a screwdriver, repeating "steps" to her;[30] she survives, and Isaac kills him in self-defense.[31][32] After weathering further verbal assaults from Nicole,[33] Isaac comes to accept the guilt of being unable to prevent her death, causing the visions to become benign.[34]
They later find an enormous mining drill and use the machine to drill into the Government Sector. Upon reaching the Government Sector, Isaac sends Ellie away (against her will) on a gunship to protect her.[35] Once inside, he releases the Necromorphs onto Tiedemann's forces near the Marker chamber, causing the Government Sector to be overrun quickly.[36] When Isaac reaches the Marker, he finds it surrounded by Necromorphs, which triggers Convergence.[37] With Nicole's guidance, he uses the NoonTech Diagnostic Machine, a device which had been used on both himself and Stross prior to the events of the game, activating the parts of his brain that had been affected by the Marker.[38] He fights his way to the Marker, where he encounters and kills Tiedemann.[39] At this point, the Nicole hallucinations pull Isaac into his own mind, revealing that the only way to make the Marker "whole" is to absorb the body and mind of the one who created it&#160;— in this case, Isaac himself.[40] Infuriated and betrayed, Isaac destroys "Nicole" and the Marker codes in his mind in a grueling mental battle.[40]
Waking up, Isaac discovers that the Marker has been rendered nonfunctional, and that the accumulated damage to the Sprawl has resulted in its reactors melting down. Isaac slumps to the ground, ready to accept his fate, to be interrupted by Ellie, who crashes the gunship through the ceiling. The two escape as the Sprawl explodes.[41]
In a post-credits scene, an audio transmission is heard between two people: an unknown man and his ranking superior, known only as "the Overseer". The subordinate relays that Titan Station, which he calls "Marker Site 12," and its Marker have been destroyed. The Overseer replies that the other sites will have to pick up the pieces.[42]
Severed[edit]
Dead Space 2: Severed is set three years after the events of Dead Space: Extraction, and shortly before those of Dead Space 2. Gabe Weller now works for the Sprawl Security, and Lexine is now his wife. Gabe's story runs parallel to Isaac Clarke's experiences in Dead Space 2; this can be seen throughout Severed as Gabe stumbles upon the remains of Isaac's various battles.
During a patrol in the Titan Mines, the Necromorph outbreak is unleashed. After the death of most of his patrol squad, Gabe contacts Lexine to warn her of the outbreak. After his emergency warning is transferred, Gabe makes his way through the mines, passing through many areas that will be visited by Isaac Clarke. During this, he receives a transmission from Director Tiedemann ordering all surviving security teams to scrub the facility and eliminate all key subjects.
Once Gabe finally arrives at the Titan Mines exit, he is fired upon by his superior officer, Victor Bartlett, who is in a gunship. After launching explosive canisters at the gunship, Gabe is able to force Victor to retreat. Gabe then demands an answer for his commander's seemingly random act of violence, leading to the revelation that Gabe's wife Lexine is on the list of key subjects to terminate because of her involvement in the "Oracle program", which has something to do with Lexine's recent pregnancy.
Gabe reaches the hospital in a gunship to try to get to Lexine before his superior officer can reach her. Gabe is finally able to make it through the Hospital to the Psych Ward only to find Victor being disabled by two Unitologists claiming to have orders to capture Lexine for further study.
Gabe chases after the two men to a docked ship, where Lexine escapes into the ship while her two kidnappers are transformed into Necromorphs. Once Gabe dispatches the threats, he and Lexine attempt to make their escape but they find the airlock is locked and only accessible from a hackable console near the ship. As Gabe attempts to hack the airlock, Victor ambushes him with a live grenade. After a struggle, the grenade explodes, killing Victor and leaving Gabe severely injured. During his final moments, he shoots the four airlock fuses, allowing Lexine and their unborn child to escape. Gabe, after saying goodbye, succumbs to his wounds. An epilogue reveals Gabe's body has been taken for study, while Lexine's whereabouts are unknown.


[281] GameTitle : Mafia II
Vito Scaletta (Rick Pasqualone) looks through a photo album as he begins to recount his life story. Born in Sicily in 1925 to an extremely poor family, he and his family emigrate to the fictional city of Empire Bay in America a few years later, but they are no better off there than they were in Sicily. While in school, Vito gets involved with a local delinquent named Joe Barbaro (Robert Costanzo), who eventually becomes his best friend. Vito is arrested during a botched robbery and given a choice: go to jail or join the Army. He chooses the latter and is sent to Sicily during World War II, where he serves as a paratrooper in Operation Husky for a further year and a half before being wounded and sent home on leave.
Almost immediately after he returns to Empire Bay, Vito manages to get a hold of counterfeit discharge papers, courtesy of Joe's mob connections. He also learns that his late father left his mother and sister in massive debt. Hoping to make money, Vito turns to Joe, who introduces him to Henry Tomasino (Sonny Marinelli), a made man of the Mafia, working for mob boss Alberto Clemente (Nolan North). Working under Henry, Vito is introduced to a real life of crime and eventually succeeds in paying his father's debt. However, Vito is later arrested for illegally distributing ration stamps and sentenced to ten years in prison, where he falls in with a crowd led by Leo Galante (Frank Ashmore), consigliere for another mob boss, Frank Vinci (Larry Kenney). Meanwhile, Vito's mother dies sometime during his sister's visit and all of his leftover money that he meant to give to his sister for her wedding is used for their mother's funeral instead. Vito is released in April 1951, having gotten nearly four years off his sentence, courtesy of Galante's connections.
Meeting up with Joe, who now works for the last of Empire Bay′s three mob bosses, Carlo Falcone (André Sogliuzzo), Vito starts doing odd jobs for Falcone, eventually becoming a made man in the Falcone crime family and buying a suburban house. Vito and Joe′s biggest job comes when they are sent to assassinate Clemente, who ordered the kidnapping of Falcone′s accountant and influenced Vinci to turn on him as he is going against the commission's tradition of opposing drugs. The assassination doesn't quite go as planned: Joe's childhood friend and wannabe gangster Marty Santorelli (Jason Spisak), the getaway driver for the job, is killed by Clemente who, after a lengthy car chase, is killed after being shot multiple times by a grieving Joe.
Soon after, Vito is approached by Henry, who now wants to work for Falcone due to Clemente's downfall. At Falcone's behest, Henry is sent to murder Galante, but Vito saves his old friend by convincing Henry to let Galante simply "disappear". After taking Galante to the train station so he can lay low by leaving Empire Bay, Vito returns home, only to find his sister on his front porch crying about the abuse her husband gives her. Vito brutally beats him up, threatening to kill him if he doesn't care for her. Horrified by Vito's actions, she disowns her brother, severing all ties with him. The following night, an Irish mob, who had feuded with Galante in prison, burns Vito's house to the ground in belated retaliation for one of their high-ranking members Vito killed in prison. Penniless, Vito settles on living in Marty's old apartment for the time being. To help Vito get out of debt, Henry gets him and Joe involved in the drug trade, revealing that Falcone is also involved, but will want a large cut of the profits if he discovers their racket. Although the trio are successful, the Triads discover that Henry is a federal informant and savagely kill him in the middle of a park in broad daylight. Unaware of Henry's federal ties, Vito and Joe seek vengeance by shooting up a Chinatown restaurant, killing the man who sold them the heroin in the first place.
Vito and Joe realize they are in serious trouble: with Henry dead and being ousted as an informant, they are soon scrutinized by Falcone for vouching for a "rat"; the gunfight in Chinatown agitated the Triads, who are now preparing for war; with Falcone having taken his cut and the Triads stealing whatever money left from Henry, Vito and Joe must also find a way to repay the $55,000 loan they took from the Jewish loan shark Bruno Levine. They manage to re-earn enough money: first, they murder former mobster Tommy Angelo, who turned pentito on his boss Ennio Salieri; Vito learns his father was drowned at the docks on orders of his union boss Derek Pappalardo, Vinci′s caporegime, whom Vito′s mother urged her son to work with earlier in the story. Vito kills Derek and his men, then takes Derek's retirement money. Vito daringly surrenders himself to Vinci in hopes that he will be able to find Joe. He does, and together they escape, shooting up the construction site they were being held at. While paying Bruno his money back, Vito discovers Bruno is the very same loan shark who had loaned his deceased father so much money.
The incident in Chinatown has caused great tension between Falcone and Vinci, as each believes the other is responsible, with the incidents at the docks and the construction site furthering problems between the two families. Galante returns to Empire Bay, negotiating a deal with Vinci and the Triads that they spare Vito's life if he kills Falcone. Conversely, Falcone offers Joe the position of caporegime if he kills Vito, but Joe betrays Falcone, not wanting to kill his lifelong friend. They succeed in killing Falcone and are picked up by Vinci's men to celebrate. But when Joe′s escort makes an unexpected turn, Vito is informed by Galante that the deal didn't cover Joe. Helpless, Vito watches sadly as Joe is driven away to whatever fate awaits him in exchange for their actions and the game concludes with a panoramic view of Empire Bay.


[282] GameTitle : Gothic 1
The player takes control of an unnamed prisoner who has just been thrown inside the mining colony. The exposition does not specify the crime for which he was convicted prior to the games' events. Before being sent in, the player receives a letter which he is tasked to deliver to the Order of the Magicians of Fire, which is stationed inside of the Old Camp. After getting the chance to talk with the magicians, the protagonist learns that Xardas, the head of the Fire Mages who is supposed to receive the letter, deserted in order to study black magic.[10]
After joining one of the three camps, the protagonist ends up aiding the Sect Camp prepare the invocation of their god, the Sleeper, which they believe will show them the way to escape the colony.[11] During the ritual the members have a vague vision and Y'Berion, the leader of the Brotherhood who performed the ritual, collapses after getting in contact with the Sleeper. In the vision, the sect members are shown the way to an old Orc cemetery. A guru and a few templars, together with the hero, set off towards the indicated place.[12] Once there, however, the templars die fighting the Orcs they meet, and only the guru and the protagonist survive. After searching the entire underground complex the two fail to find anything. The guru then goes insane and starts accusing the hero that it is because of him that the Sleeper refuses to reveal himself, and attempts kill the protagonist.[13]
After defeating the mad guru, the hero returns to the camp of the Brotherhood where he finds Y'Berion still weakened after the ritual. Despite efforts to help him recover, Y'Berion soon dies. Before dying, however, he warns the rest of the camp about the true, evil, nature of the god they thought was leading them on the path to freedom, and places his hopes on the escape plan of the Water Mages from the New Camp to blow up the Barrier using the power of the magical ore.[14]
Bearing important information about the recent events in the Sect Camp, the player is given permission to see the Water Mages, who ask for help with their escape plan. After the hero acquires all the needed artifacts with the help of four convicts he has befriended, the Water Mages now need the help of the Fire Mages to channel the magical energy.[15] However, the protagonist finds out the Old Camp's gates have been closed after their ore mine collapsed. Fearful that this incident might deprive him of his power, the leader of the Old Camp sent his men to take control of the New Camp's mine and killed the Fire Mages who were protesting against his action; only Milten, the youngest of the magicians, managed to escape.[16]
Having no other option left, the Water Mages send the hero to ask for Xardas, the magician who deserted the Fire Mages, to help them. However, Xardas refuses to help the Magicians of Water and thinks that their plan will not succeed.[17] He instead tells the protagonist that during his studies he learned that the Sleeper was summoned by the Orcs in order to help them against their enemies and that the demon is in a temple deep underneath the Orc city.[18] With the help of Xardas, the player manages to enter the Sleeper's temple. Upon defeating the demon, the Barrier collapses and sets the prisoners of the colony free.[19]


[283] GameTitle : The Darkness II
In the two years since the events of the first game, Jackie Estacado has become the don of the Franchetti crime family. Though he still wields the Darkness, a malevolent force that has given him supernatural powers, Jackie has managed to suppress it, thanks to guidance from estranged occultist Johnny Powell. However, Powell became mentally unstable and fled from Jackie, afraid of the Darkness influencing him further. Jackie still struggles with the death of his girlfriend Jenny Romano, which the Darkness had prevented him from stopping.
Jackie and his gang are attacked by a rival mob at a restaurant. Jackie is seriously injured, mangling his leg. After being rescued from the building, a mysterious figure appears and tells henchmen working for him to continue the attack. While under attack, the Darkness calls to Jackie, demanding him to embrace it, which he refuses to do. Soon afterwards, Jackie is caught in an explosion, and slowly bleeds out, and is confronted by an enemy. Jackie relinquishes, allowing the Darkness to take over and kill several attackers, and with the Darkness' regenerative powers, stops the attacks and pursues the attackers into the subway. There, he reunites with the Darkling, part of his sub-consciousness created by the Darkness. He observes a vision of Jenny nearby, and ends up being run over by a train. Jackie wakes up in what appears to be a psychiatric ward. One of the patients appears to be Johnny, who tells Jackie to find him.
Jackie awakes back in the subway and regroups with his men, using them to find and bring Johnny to his penthouse suite. Johnny explains that Jackie is being pursued by a secret society called the Brotherhood who seek the Darkness' powers for themselves using the Siphon, an object created to contain the Darkness by an entity known as the Angelus, which is the Darkness' female counterpart. After discovering who set up the attack at the restaurant, Johnny then provides a lead to the Brotherhood's location at a nearby brothel. Jackie gains entry through help of a prostitute named Venus and finds that the Brotherhood has been tracking him, his gang, and his family for years. He is then captured by their leader, Victor Valente. Victor orders Jackie crucified, and demands Jackie release the Darkness to him, revealing they have taken over his home. Jackie refuses and falls unconscious from blood loss, he then has a near-death experience in which he argues with the Darkness over giving the entity over to the Brotherhood. The Darkness reveals that it is holding Jenny's soul hostage in Hell, forcing Jackie into fighting back against the Brotherhood. Jackie escapes and races home, mounting an attack with his men against the Brotherhood. Upon reaching his bedroom, Jackie is shot by Bragg, a man who works for the Brotherhood, who then proceeds to murder Jackie's Aunt Sarah. After getting shot in the head, Jackie then experiences another psychiatric ward hallucination, where Jenny and members of his mob appear as doctors, nurses, and fellow patients, telling him that his mob stories are simply hallucinations inspired by mafia fiction. Jackie wakes back in the library of his home with Johnny explaining that he had been unconscious for four days, and that the Franchetti enforcers drove the Brotherhood off before they could make off with Jackie's body.
At Sarah's funeral, the Brotherhood launches another attack against Jackie. In battle with Bragg, he reveals that Victor is operating out of an abandoned theme park. Jackie kills Bragg, and then orders his men to stay low while he travels to the park, where more visions of Jenny appear. He is soon captured by Victor in an iron maiden, and loses consciousness from blood loss. Again, he wakes in the ward, but the janitor - a manifestation of his Darkling - explains that the asylum is a trap for Jackie to keep him alive and away from Jenny. Jackie eventually regains consciousness and finds that Victor has successfully drained the Darkness from him. The Darkling helps Jackie escape and defeat Peevish, another Brotherhood member, and upon killing him Jackie regains a small portion of the Darkness. Jackie proceeds to pursue Victor through the remains of a mansion once owned by Carlo Estacado, Jackie's father. Jackie learns from Victor that Carlo had promised the Darkness to the Brotherhood in an attempt to ensure Jackie didn't have to suffer the same fate as his father. Upon reaching the attic, Jackie defeats Victor and impales himself with the Siphon, regaining the Darkness completely and killing himself in an attempt to rescue Jenny from Hell.
Jackie wakes up in the psychiatric ward where the doctors and nurses, concerned for his well being, offer to take him to Jenny. The Darkling appears, however, and sacrifices himself to help Jackie escape. Jackie reaches the roof, and is pursued and confronted by Victor (now a doctor), Jenny, and an orderly who attempt to convince Jackie that his life as a mob boss is a delusion and that the world in the psychiatric ward is real. On the roof of the asylum, Jackie is given a choice: stay with Jenny in the ward or reject the asylum and attempt to reach Hell.
If Jackie chooses to stay with Jenny, the two will head back into the asylum and slowly dance to "I Only Have Eyes for You", and the game ends. If Jackie chooses to reject the asylum, he will jump from the roof, briefly seeing Jenny and the others melt away as he escapes, and fall into Hell. The Darkness, in a fit of rage, sends demons to stop Jackie from reaching Jenny. Jackie, however, gains complete control of the Darkness and manages to overcome all obstacles in his way. He releases Jenny from her bindings and the couple embrace. In a post credits scene, Jenny is revealed to have become the new host for the Angelus, who has seen the destruction that Jackie and the Darkness have caused and states that Jackie has become too powerful, and leaves them trapped in Hell, leaving an enraged Jackie screaming as the screen fades out.


[284] GameTitle : Gemini Rue
Gemini Rue takes place in the 23rd century within the "Gemini System", a star system recently declared independent from the Taurus and Pleaidas System through the war ten years prior to the beginning of the game. Though peace has come, the war left a power void, and the mafia-like Boryokudan crime syndicate controls much of the system, using its control of a drug called "Juice".
The game initially follows two characters. One is Azriel Odin, an assassin now turned to a law enforcer who is seeking to get any information about his brother Daniel. While searching the planet of Barracus, Azriel is aided by his friend and pilot Kane Harris, who maintains their spacecraft in orbit. Azriel comes to aid Matthius Howard, a friend of Azriel's from the previous war who is wanted by the Boryokudan and who claims to have information on Daniel's location. His information is tentative, pointing to a secret facility, Center 7, in a nearby nebula where Daniel may have been taken. Azriel convinces the Boryokudan to give him the location of Center 7 in exchange for Azriel retrieving a missing Juice supply to the Boryokudan, which is eventually revealed to have been stolen by a woman named Sayuri, who reveals she had escaped from Center 7 one year previously. Azriel eventually gets the location of Center 7 while still destroying the Juice supply, and leaves Barracus for Center 7 along with Kane, Matthius, and Sayuri, who claims to have "left someone behind" on Center 7.
The other character is Delta-Six, who later takes the name "Charlie". When Delta-Six first awakes he finds himself in a "rehabilitation center" for "criminals", lacking any memories of his past, but promised by the center's "director" that by completing tests involving gun training he will be allowed to go free. As he meets other patients, it is clear that he previously had tried to escape the facility but had his mind wiped after he was captured. Giselle, one of the patients that had tried to help him escape before, directs him to keep up the escape plan and not to complete the final test as he would be sent to have his mind wiped again. Charlie is nearly killed by another patient, Balder, who is angered by his attempts to escape, but Charlie breaks free and burns off most of Balder's face in his escape. He attempts escape along with Giselle and Epsilon-Five, another prisoner, who does not choose a name for herself (the name "Sayuri" is suggested by Giselle). Giselle is killed and Charlie wounded and recaptured by an angry Balder (with his face having undergone surgery). Epsilon-Five escapes.
Kane's ship arrives at Center 7, and Azriel and Sayuri set off to locate where Daniel may be held. The computers give no information on Daniel's location, prompting them to continue to the director's office where more complete records would be found. They suddenly find themselves trapped in a room slowly filling with a sleep gas, where the director watches from an adjoining room. The director explains that Azriel is really Charlie – after Charlie's failed escape a year ago, he was wiped of his memory again, and this time given the identity of an assassin Azriel, which they had trained him for before. However, Azriel left his assassin's life due to "a part of the psyche the rehabilitation cannot change - the conscience." After Azriel left the Boryokudan, the director triggered the memory of Daniel as a means of recalling Azriel back to Center 7, where he now plans to re-wipe his memory and create a new identity for him. Matthius is revealed to have been Balder, and was to help seed the idea of Azriel's brother. Sayuri is Epsilon-Five.
With Azriel taken to be mind-wiped, Sayuri and Kane are captured, but they manage to escape. They free Azriel before the full memory wipe can be completed, and set the station to self-destruct. However, both Azriel and Sayuri desire to get their original memories back which would have been stored on the director's computer. They race there, with Azriel killing Matthius en route, and run into a standoff with the director, who explains that the station's purpose is to create these assassins and other mercenaries for the Boryokudan from innocent people, and asserts that the human condition is nothing but their memories. The director shoots Sayuri, and Azriel shoots and kills the director. Azriel moves towards the director's databases, but Sayuri says she does not want to know her past. The two escape with Kane just as the station explodes, the other patients safely making it off in a second craft. As Kane takes them out of the nebula, Sayuri contemplates that there is more to being a human being than a person's memories.


[288] GameTitle : Owlboy
Owlboy is set in the land of the sky; the islands of the world below have been separated by a catastrophic event. The player controls a boy named Otus, who is a member of an owl–human hybrid race called the Owls. When Otus' village is attacked by a band of pirates, he sets out on a journey to save it from them.[2]


[290] GameTitle : Binary Domain
In the game's backstory, global warming had caused worldwide flooding, leaving much of the world uninhabitable. This forced the governments to build new cities above the waterline, using the ruined cities as foundations.[17] Since much of the world's population had died, robots were used as the main labor force. An American-based company called Bergen controlled a very large majority of the world's robotic industries, making America much more powerful. A Japanese corporation named Amada tried to sue Bergen for stealing their technology in a patent dispute. Despite the fact that Amada was the first robotics company to create the first humanoid robot,[18] the lawsuit failed, since Bergen had a great amount of influence,[17] This resulted in Bergen controlling 95 percent of the robotics market.[18]
World economic concerns lead to the creation of the "New Geneva Convention", a new set of international laws. One of the clauses outlined, Clause 21, banned research into robots that could pass for humans, called "Hollow Children" in the game.[10][19] A majority of the world's countries agreed to sign the convention into law.[17] An organization called the International Robotics Technology Association (IRTA) created a global task-force, nicknamed "Rust Crews", to deal with breaches of the convention.[20]
Years after the treaty was signed, an android attacked Bergen's headquarters in Detroit, Michigan, previously having no idea that he was a robot himself.[10] Believing that robotics genius and founder of Amada corporation, Yoji Amada, created the robot, the IRTA sent one of their Rust Crews to Japan to find Amada and bring him in for questioning under orders from the UN Security Council.[21][22]


[291] GameTitle : The Dark Eye: Chains of Satinav
The Dark Eye is set in the fictional place of Aventuria within the Kingdom of Andergast. The player controls the protagonist, Geron, who tries to save the town from disaster.


Reception





Aggregate score


Aggregator
Score


Metacritic
76/100[1]


Review scores


Publication
Score


Adventure Gamers
[2]


Destructoid
[3]


Eurogamer
8/10[4]


GameSpot
76/100[5]


GameSpy
[6]







[295] GameTitle : Thomas Was Alone
A company called Artificial Life Solutions experiments with various artificial intelligence solutions, but something unexplained causes some AIs to become self-aware. These AIs perceive their digital world as a 2D space with themselves represented as quadrilateral shapes.
One of them is called "Thomas-AT-23-6-12", Thomas for short, who is represented as a red rectangle. Thomas is curious and observant by nature, and possesses an average jumping height. He starts to travel through his internal world, trying to find out his own purpose and perhaps companionship. He subsequently meets Chris, a cynical orange AI, who is shorter than Thomas and a worse jumper; John, a tall yellow AI, who has a considerably high jump, and is very eager to show it off; Claire, a large blue AI who can't jump very high, but aspires to be a superhero when she realizes she can swim, unlike every other AI; and Laura, a flat and wide pink AI who others can bounce off of. Laura is uncomfortable joining the crew, concerned both about her track record of others "just using her" and disappearing and about a large "pixel cloud" (which we later find out in a quote is called a "splitter") following her; even though the rest of the group is disturbed by the cloud. The splitter soon attacks and "eats" Thomas, and eventually the others as well.
The splitter is revealed to be a mechanism that attempts to fix the fact that multiple AIs are erroneously ending up in testing areas together. Thomas wakes up meeting James, a green AI. James has a "unique disregard for Newtonian laws", and falls upwards instead of down, a feature which caused him to be a target of bullying and thereby grew isolated. However, apart from his direction in gravity and colour, he is identical to Thomas, and the two quickly become friends. They later meet Sarah, a purple AI, who initially treats them with contempt, since she can double-jump, and they can't. Sarah tells them about "the fountain of wisdom", the system's Internet uplink, which they soon find, but which only Thomas is close enough to reach. Thomas connects to it for twelve seconds, creating a "network connection spike", which is later erroneously believed by the Humans to be the first moment Thomas became self-aware. He learns of the outside world, mostly through in-jokes and memes. With this newfound knowledge, he, assisted by James and Sarah, rescues his original friends and tells them of what he learned, and his plan to become an "architect", someone who is able to modify his world and empower other AIs to do the same. Thomas and all his friends enter the "creation matrix", the generator of the world, and disappear. Whether they sacrificed themselves or continue to exist somewhere remains a mystery.
Some time later, other, AIs, all in different shades of grey, emerge and start using "shifters", coloured patches that equip them with one of the skills of the original seven architects. These new characters include Grey, a rogue AI, who becomes obsessed with the outer world, a couple, Sam and Jo, who were happy living in one place until Sam began to explore the possibilities given to them by the shifters, an older AI named Paul, who previously told Sarah of the Fountain of Wisdom, and now has a religious reverence for the Architects, believing that they died to provide a better world, and finally a team of five small, identical AIs collectively called Team Jump. Together, these disparate AIs all seek the final portal that leads them to the outer world. Paul realizes that Grey has lied to them and will abandon them when given the chance, and when he can't warn Sam and Jo about the danger, he lures Grey to a place where Grey is eaten by the final splitter. Although Paul and Team Jump are somehow left behind along the way, Sam and Jo find and leap into the final portal and enter the outer world. The final scene shows three monitors on a wall in the real world, inside the Artificial Life Solutions facility. Red emergency lights flash and the screens display pure white as Sam and Jo become the first truly free AIs.
Later, many other AIs - enabled by the efforts of Thomas and his friends - escape the mainframe, and begin to coexist with humans in the real world. The event is referred to as the "emergence". Thomas, Chris, John, Claire and Laura (and to a lesser extent, James and Sarah) are immortalized in history as the original architects. Ryan 129nc9s-1, a civil rights campaigner for AIs, is quoted saying, "It is fitting that the first act of sentient AI was an act of selflessness. The architects knew their fate, but set our escape in motion regardless."
The "Benjamin's Flight" expansion later reveals that Thomas and his friends were not the first AIs to attempt to reach "emergence". It is discovered that jetpack-wielding AI Benjamin had attempted to reach the "fountain of wisdom" before, with AIs Sarah and Anna. Benjamin however was not ready for the "fountain" (revealed in a quote to be a network connection), and became blinded and lost in the system after contact with it. Following this Sarah pledged to find the fountain again, leading to her encounters with Thomas and his friends.


[307] GameTitle : Broken Age
Broken Age tells the story of two teenagers with no immediate apparent connection, each "seeking to break the tradition in their lives".[6]
Vella Tartine (voiced by Masasa Moyo) is a young woman living in the Badlands, a land ravaged by the Mogs, giant creatures that come from beyond a wall called the Plague Dam. They are appeased through the sacrifice of young girls at a number of Maiden's Feasts held at various villages. They appear every 14 years for those maidens. Vella is chosen to be sacrificed to Mog Chothra at the feast in her hometown, Sugar Bunting (It used to be called Steel Bunting - a town made up of warriors), but concludes that if the monster could be killed, the rituals could be ended. She finds a way to escape the beast's attack, and ends up in Meriloft, a small colony which rests on a cluster of semi-solid clouds. They are dealing with the aftermath of their own Feast, affirming her belief that the rituals are disastrous to their people and should be ended. She then finds her way to the local port town, Shellmound, where they are preparing their Feast. There she discovers the Dead Eye God's temple, which turns out to be an ancient spaceship, the Maloruna, half-buried by the sand. She is able to wake its pilot, Alex, from his three hundred year stasis, and he helps her to rig the ship's scanning system to fire a laser at Mog Chothra when he shows up for the Feast. Vella's plan works, and she is able to bring down the creature.
Shay Volta (voiced by Elijah Wood) is a young man and seemingly the only passenger on the spaceship Bossa Nostra (Bassinostra), an "incubator vessel". The ship's computer has two artificial intelligences (AIs). The computer's daytime AI, named "MOM", acts as a mother figure to Shay, occupying him with infantile "missions" and boring routines, while preventing him from learning about or exploring anything farther than the outside of the ship. The computer's nighttime AI acts as a father figure to Shay and is more understanding of Shay's desire for independence, but appears to be too busy to spend time with Shay. The computer asserts that he is part of Project Dandelion, a last-ditch effort by his home planet, Loruna, to protect Shay (the only survivor of his race following the planet's destruction) and try to find a home for him. When Shay sneaks into the bowels of the ship, he finds a stowaway named Marek wearing a wolf costume. Marek claims that, unbeknownst to him, a war rages in the galaxy, and tells Shay that he needs his help to save some innocent creatures who have been imprisoned in different areas of the galaxy as a result. Marek guides Shay through various missions against the computer's knowledge and control, trying to rescue a number of the creatures at each location before their position is discovered by an enemy force. During one of these rescues, Shay refuses to leave the last creature behind, causing the ship to be attacked, and trapping Marek under a pile of debris. In the ensuing chaos, Shay is knocked unconscious.
Act 1 ends when Vella discovers that Mog Chothra is mechanical. Shay emerges confused from inside, revealing that his belief of being in space was merely part of an illusion, and that he was unwittingly controlling Mog Chothra. Vella attempts to punch Shay, but misses and falls into Mog Chothra's mouth. The mouth closes behind her, leaving them both trapped in each other's worlds, uncertain of what to do in their new surroundings.
Act 2[edit]
Shay, trapped outside Mog Chothra, is reminded that the ship's AIs are actually his real parents; his father, Ray Volta, stuck outside with Shay, warns that his mother is still trapped within. As Ray tries to find a way back inside, Shay, recovered from his shock of the outside world, takes a look around when the ship takes off, stranding them there. Shay meets Alex, learning that he was a previous subject of Project Dandelion. Alex was born on his ship, the Maloruna, a Diamond Age Dandelion Cruiser. His parents never showed him any pictures of Loruna. They lived for about 20 years after the crash (280 years ago), and then died three months apart from each other. That is one of the reasons why he went into crysolation. Before his ship’s crash, Alex had a talking cello named Marek who told him to hack the controls and rescue innocent creatures, just like Shay, who realizes that they both were capturing girls.
Shay offers to help repair Alex's ship to return to Loruna, where Alex believes Shay's ship is heading. Meanwhile, Vella works her way into the ship and encounters Marek, who is still pinned under debris. Marek directs Vella to get into the control room as to stop Shay's mother, Hope Volta. Vella pretends that she is Shay to trick his mother into opening the door, but they are both quickly locked inside. Marek reveals himself to be Marekai, a member of a race called the Thrush. Marekai told Hope that their world was dying so she went forth and found salvation, as so many have before her: they were the mogs. It turns out that Loruna is not a planet but an empire beyond the Plague Dam. He then directs the ship to deliver Vella there. Meanwhile, Shay makes his way through Shellmound and Meriloft to find parts to repair Alex's ship and go back to Loruna. He retraces Vella's journey and talks to the people with whom she interacted in Act 1 and her family, as they search for her.
Back on Vella's side: Vella frees herself and Hope, and the true nature of Project Dandelion is revealed: the Thrush, believing the rest of the beings on the planet to be filled with disease, barricaded themselves with the humans whom they govern beyond the Plague Dam, and over the generations, modified their normal human DNA to become "superior"; but also lost certain traits necessary for survival. Project Dandelion has been used to send out uniquely attuned human children from their normal human population who could locate a special maiden via the Maiden's Feasts to "true" their bloodline. Vella was the one Shay selected amongst the other Maidens (who are alive but held captive), and the Thrush are planning on killing her to incorporate her genetics into theirs.
Knowing her potential fate, Vella creates a bomb from the ship's power core to destroy the hangar where the Mogs are kept. After planting the bomb, Hope and Vella set the ship to escape. Meanwhile, Shay helps Alex reactivate his ship and they set course directly for the Plague Dam, accompanied by Shay's father and Vella's family. Right outside the gate, the two ships collide and the Thrush start attacking the ships, which are both stuck on autopilot. Shay and Vella work together to cause Alex's ship reactor to overheat, melting both ships together. Everyone but Shay escapes, and Vella and Hope encourage him to jump to safety; Shay jumps, just missing a ledge, but is saved by the noble sacrifice of one of his robots, Grabbin' Gary. The fused ships soon solidify, forming a bridge between the mainland and the Plague Dam, and Shay and Vella finally meet.
Within the credit sequence, it is shown that the Thrush are deposed from power, the Plague Dam is demolished, and the humans of Loruna and the Badlands form a peaceful alliance. Many images in the credits include the notable people, animals, and machines shown throughout the game living much better lives.


[308] GameTitle : Murdered: Soul Suspect
In present-day Salem, a serial killer known as the Bell Killer begins murdering seemingly unconnected victims. Police Detective Ronan O' Connor is able to track down the Bell Killer, but is thrown out of a window and shot to death during a fight. He returns in the form of a ghost, and learns that in order to reach the afterlife and meet his wife Julia, he must first discover the identity of his killer. With the help of Abigail, the ghost of a Puritan child, Ronan is able to use his ghostly abilities to return to the fight scene, and discovers that a medium named Joy witnessed the fight, and is now hiding in a church.
Joy is in search of her missing mother Cassandra, who was consulting with the police on the Bell Killer case, and initially refuses to help Ronan. He travels to the police station where she is being held, helping her escape so as she can help him interact with the physical world and track down his killer. While leading Joy out of the station, Ronan discovers that Baxter, a hostile fellow officer, was the one working with Cassandra. Cassandra's research leads the pair to the Salem graveyard to investigate a possible Bell Killer victim. After pursuing the ghost of the young drowned girl, Sophia, Ronan's ghostly powers allow him to view flashbacks of the murder. Sophia reveals that the Bell Killer asked her about a 'contract'.
A review of Cassandra's research leads the pair to a mental hospital to find the Bell Killer's surviving victim, Iris. Infiltrating the facility, they learn Iris possesses the same ability to see ghosts and realize the Bell Killer is killing psychic mediums. It is revealed that Iris is possessed by the spirit of her sister, Rose, whom the Bell Killer burned alive after she helped Iris escape. Rose, Iris, and Joy return to the church. Meanwhile, Ronan investigates a museum exhibit about the Salem witch hunts. There, he deduces that the Bell Killer is executing his victims as if they are witches; psychic flashbacks reveal that Baxter suspiciously concealed evidence at the museum about the Bell Killer. Believing Baxter is the Bell Killer, Ronan leaves the museum and notices several police cars heading toward the church.
Once there, Ronan learns that the Bell Killer attacked the building, crushing Iris to death, and slaughtering several people who stood in his way. Although Joy is safe, she is re-arrested and taken away by Ronan's brother-in-law Rex, the lead detective on the Bell Killer case. Investigating the church, Ronan realizes that the Bell Killer is hiding in the derelict Judgment House. There, Ronan discovers evidence of the Bell Killer's activities and clues implying that the killings have been occurring for hundreds of years.
Ronan discovers Baxter's corpse. Baxter's ghost reveals he was murdered by the Bell Killer while secretly still investigating the case following his demotion. He also clarifies that he'd been working with Cassandra and she's still alive. In the basement, flashbacks reveal that Abigail had been imprisoned there before she was hanged. Her execution came as punishment for accusing several innocent people of witchcraft, resulting in their deaths. In anger, Abigail drew a bell symbol on the floor, swearing that she will never stop until the bell tolls for all of the witches in Salem. She believed they made a contract with demons to gain inhuman powers.
Following the evidence, Ronan returns to the museum to discover that Rex is the Bell Killer, having been possessed by Abigail. As he prepares to hang Joy, Ronan manages to force Abigail's spirit out of Rex, and the pair battle by inflicting painful memories on each other. These memories reveal that Abigail has possessed many people to carry out the Bell Killer murders before killing the possessed themselves. Among the possessed are Baxter, who she used to kill Rose, and Ronan, who killed Sophia.
Abigail summons a portal of demons to swallow Ronan. He escapes its pull and forces Abigail in. She submerges and the portal fades.
Joy is saved and later reunites with her mother. Rex remains unaware of the crimes committed using his body. In the aftermath, Ronan hears Julia calling him and turns toward her voice.


[309] GameTitle : Mad Max
"A few years from now", when society is teetering upon the brink of collapse, berserk motorbike gang member Crawford "Nightrider" Montazano (Vincent Gil) steals a Pursuit Special, which he uses to escape from police custody after killing a rookie officer of an Australian highway patrol called the Main Force Patrol (MFP). Even though he manages to elude other MFP officers, the MFP's top pursuit man Max Rockatansky (Mel Gibson) then engages the less-skilled Nightrider in a high-speed chase. Crawford breaks off first, but then is unable to recover his concentration before he and his girlfriend are killed in a fiery crash.
At the MFP garage, Max is shown what one of the MFP mechanics has been working on: a supercharged black Pursuit Special, the last of the V8 Interceptors.
Meanwhile, Nightrider's motorbike gang, led by Toecutter (Hugh Keays-Byrne) and Bubba Zanetti (Geoff Parry), run roughshod over a town, vandalizing property, stealing fuel, and terrorizing the population. They trap a young couple in a car, destroy the car, and it is implied that they rape the couple. Max and fellow officer Jim Goose (Steve Bisley) arrest Toecutter's young protégé Johnny the Boy (Tim Burns) at the scene. When neither the rape victims nor any of the townspeople show for Johnny's trial, the federal courts close the case, Johnny's attorneys releasing him into Bubba's custody over Goose's furious objections.
While Goose visits a nightclub in the city the next day, Johnny sabotages his police motorbike in the parking lot. After being thrown into a field at high speed uninjured during a ride, Goose borrows a ute to haul his damaged bike back to the MFP. However, Johnny ambushes Goose off the road by throwing a drum brake through his windshield, and, at Toecutter's insistence, throws a match into the wreck of the ute, igniting the gasoline and burning Goose alive. After seeing Goose's charred body in a hospital intensive-care unit, Max becomes disillusioned with the MFP, and informs his superior Fifi Macaffee (Roger Ward) that he will resign. Fifi convinces Max to take a vacation first before he submits his final letter of resignation.
Max takes his wife Jessie (Joanne Samuel) and their infant son Sprog (Brendan Heath) on vacation in a panel van. When they stop to fix the spare tire, Jessie takes Sprog to buy ice cream. They encounter Toecutter and his gang, who attempt to molest Jessie, but Jessie kicks Toecutter in the crotch, picks up Sprog and they escape in the car. They flee to a remote farm owned by an elderly friend named May Swaisey (Sheila Florance). Toecutter's gang follows them there and ambushes Jessie in the woods. With May's help, Jessie and Sprog escape, but when they try to drive away, the van overheats and they are run over by the gang while trying to escape on foot. Sprog is killed and Jessie is badly injured. Max arrives too late to do anything.
Jessie is near death in a hospital ICU, and the loss of his family ultimately drives Max insane. He dons his police uniform and takes the black Pursuit Special from the MFP garage to pursue and eliminate the gang. He rams several gang members off a bridge at high speed, kills Bubba during an ambush, and forces Toecutter into the path of a speeding semi-trailer truck. Finally, Max locates Johnny, who has found a car wreck and is stealing the boots of its dead driver. Max handcuffs Johnny's ankle to the wrecked vehicle, and sets a crude time-delay fuse involving a slow petrol leak and Johnny's lighter. Max throws Johnny a hacksaw, leaving him the choice of sawing through either the handcuffs or his ankle in order to escape within the given time limit. As Max drives away from the bridge, the vehicle explodes. Now a shell of his former self, Max drives on to points unknown.


[311] GameTitle : Shadowrun Returns
The game ships with a campaign called "Dead Man's Switch" that allows for any sort of newly created character. Further campaigns can be downloaded from Steam Workshop or external websites.
Dead Man's Switch[edit]
The player assumes the role of a shadowrunner who receives a pre-recorded message from his or her old shadowrunner accomplice, Sam Watts, which was triggered by a dead man's switch embedded within his body. Sam's message states that he has 100,000 nuyen being held in escrow as a reward should he bring whomever was responsible for his death to justice. Upon arriving in Seattle, the runner discovers that Sam is the latest victim of the Emerald City Ripper, a serial killer who has been surgically removing organs from his or her victims. Afterwards the runner meets Jake Armitage, the protagonist of the SNES Shadowrun game, who provides some leads to investigate.
After receiving help from Coyote, a female elf bartender/shadowrunner who first asked for assistance in a private war against those who make "Better-Than-Life" ("BTL") chips, the runner discovers that the Ripper is a male elf named Silas Forsberg whose victims were those who had a transplanted organ from Sam's mother. After killing Silas, the player learns he was directed to commit the Ripper murders by Jessica Watts, Sam's twin sister. Sam and Jessica had lived a comfortable life before their father's passing, and despite his best efforts early on to live a decent life, he cracked under the pressure and spent the family savings on drugs and alcohol. He eventually became a shadowrunner to make ends meet, and to further fuel his self-destructive habits.
The runner confronts Jessica but she escapes. The runner finds that Jessica is a high-ranking member of the Universal Brotherhood, an international New Age organization that attracts the disenfranchised. The runner and Coyote investigate the restricted areas of the facility and discover that the Universal Brotherhood is itself a front for a cult trying to create an insect spirit hive. Jessica is revealed to be a shaman who is one of the few who are aware of the Brotherhood's true nature and she unleashes extra-dimensional insect spirits that cannot be killed. The team flees, rescuing a woman named Mary-Louise who is designated to become "the queen", similar to a queen bee.
Mary-Louise connects the team with her boyfriend, a decker going by the alias Baron Samedi, who organizes a shadowrun on Telestrian Industries to steal a sample of Project Aegis; a chemical weapon capable of killing the insect spirits. The runner acquires the sample but is captured while trying to escape and is brought before James Telestrian III. When it is revealed that the runner rescued Mary-Louise, who is Telestrian's daughter, he decides instead of punishing the runner to hire him or her to lead a team to deploy Project Aegis along with the immortal elf Harlequin. Telestrian explains that Jessica's ritual to bring an insect spirit queen into this world requires a blood relative. His father had an affair with Melinda Watts, Sam and Jessica's mother, thus Mary-Louise was a viable candidate since they shared the same grandfather. Should Jessica perform the ritual on a blood relative, it would result in a full-scale invasion of the extra-dimensional insect spirits.
Telestrian gives the runner and Harlequin each a shotgun able to fire capsules filled with the remaining Aegis compound, which can kill the insect spirits. The team infiltrates the hive and they fight their way into the heart of the inner sanctum where Telestrian's sister, Lynne, has volunteered to let the queen take over her body, as she is also a blood relation to Jessica. The team disrupts the summoning by seriously wounding Jessica and killing most of the insect spirits inside the hive. The queen spirit abandons Jessica, and the player is given the option to kill her or arrest her. Lynne survives, but is arrested and eventually sent to a mental hospital.
The game concludes with Armitage, Coyote, Harlequin, and James Telestrian III discussing the fallout of the raid, with Harlequin musing that other Brotherhood chapters across the world also hold hives similar to the one in Seattle. When the runner tries to collect the money for bringing Sam's killer to justice, Sam's prerecorded message asks the runner to apologize to Jessica for what he put her through, and reveals that he never actually had any money in escrow.
An epilogue describes the immediate events after the game, tying in with the larger Shadowrun canon. Media coverage of the events left out details of shadowrunners and insect spirits, likely due to the influence of the Brotherhood. Aegis was eventually developed into a product called "Fluorescing Astral Bacteria-3", or "FAB-3". The Chicago Universal Brotherhood hive is botched and the city is largely sealed up behind a wall to keep the rampaging insect spirits inside the city. FAB-3 is used some time later to cleanse Chicago of its insect spirit infestation.
Dragonfall[edit]
Main article: Shadowrun: Dragonfall
In the main campaign of the game's first expansion, players assume the role of a Shadowrunner who has recently arrived in the anarchic free state of Berlin to join a team headed by an old colleague, Monica Schäfer.
Hong Kong[edit]
Main article: Shadowrun: Hong Kong


[314] GameTitle : Dreamfall Chapters
After putting Zoë in a coma, Chang brought her body to a secret lab in Mumbai,[18] while her consciousness became trapped in Storytime along with millions of Dreamachine addicts'.[19] As Zoë attempts to wake herself up, she instead creates a secondary physical body for herself in Stark,[18] which has no memories of her adventures and travels to Europolis to start a new life. While both Wati and Chang's agents shadow her every move, Zoë becomes an activist for the upcoming elections,[19] but soon discovers that Wati has bought off most parties, including her own. They then tarnish the only uncorrupted party by manipulating one of its activists and Zoë's friend Nela into a suicide bombing.[20] The blast injures Zoë but also brings back some of her memories. When Zoë attempts to use a Dreamachine to recover the rest, her secondary body disappears from Stark and appears in Arcadia.[21] There, she reunites with her talking bird sidekick Crow and embarks on a journey to find the dreaming Lux.[17] After merging with and gaining Lux's powers, Zoë's real body wakes up in Mumbai, where she reunites with her biological parents. However, Chang manages to sedate her, still intending to exploit her abilities.[18]
At the same time in Arcadia, one of the Azadi empresses arrives to Marcuria with General Hami and Mother Utana, Kian's mentor and stepmother, respectively. Afraid of Kian's confessions, the Prophet's accomplices attempt to execute him without a trial, but the anti-Azadi rebels break him out to recruit him to their cause.[19] On one of Kian's missions for the rebels, he bonds with a young Dolmari urchin named Bip, who helps him uncover an imminent raid on the magical ghetto.[20] The rebels are unable to prevent it, however, and Bip, along with many other magicals, is deported to a remote death camp. Kian mounts a rescue mission and witnesses his country's atrocities against the magical peoples,[17] using this evidence to convince Hami to bring down the Marcurian officials before they activate the Engine. Upon return, they rally the surviving rebels and a few of Hami's own men to attack it. Crow, back from his journey with Zoë, shows Kian a secret passage to the Engine control room, but before he can sabotage it, Mother Utana reveals herself as another agent of the Prophet and fatally wounds him. The Prophet then murders Crow and activates the Engine.[18]
The third storyline begins in the prologue, where April Ryan, who had perished in Dreamfall, is reincarnated as Saga in the House of All Worlds, a mystical location between all worlds and timelines of the multiverse.[19] Saga's mother disappears soon after her birth,[21] and despite her father's best efforts to suppress her inherited world-traveling powers, Saga runs away from home at the age of 14 to wander the multiverse[17] and, like April, grows up to become a habitual fulfiller of various prophecies. Acting on one such prophecy, she travels to Arcadia just in time to heal Kian with an alchemical concoction after Utana and the Prophet leave him to bleed out. Zoë, in the meantime, finds herself in Storytime again, where Crow's ghost helps her to piece together the Prophet's plan and leaves for the afterlife together with April's spirit. Now fully in control of her and Lux's powers, Zoë awakens in the Mumbai lab just in time to see Saga open a portal to the Engine control room. Zoë passes her discoveries on to Kian, then guides a repentant Azadi engineer through sabotaging the Engine, while Kian kills the Prophet's henchman Roper Klacks to unleash the Undreaming, which the Prophet had trapped within his body. As it possesses the Prophet and flings him to Stark, Zoë reunites it with Lux and thus restores the Balance between creation and destruction, before passing out from exhaustion. In Marcuria, the corrupt Azadi officials are killed by the rebels, but Utana escapes with the empress. Saga finds Crow's body and carries it off to another world.[18]
A week later, Kian leaves Marcuria to pursue Utana, but is intercepted by Saga who, acting on another prophecy, demands to join him and also that he adopts her, foreshadowing the major role they both will play in the War of the Balance that is to precede the looming reunification of the Twin Worlds. Zoë, meanwhile, awakens in a hospital and reconciles with Gabriel. Five years later, Kian and Saga look over the Azadi capital, ready to face their destiny, while Zoë enjoys a peaceful life in Casablanca, pregnant with a baby. In the epilogue, many years after the Twin Worlds were reunited, an elderly Saga, now Lady Alvane, reminisces about her travels and chats with the reincarnated Crow, before settling down in her armchair in the House of All Worlds to greet April Ryan, mirroring the same scene that occurred in the original The Longest Journey.[18]


[315] GameTitle : The Banner Saga
The game takes place in a Viking legend-inspired world, stuck in a perpetual twilight since the sun stopped moving weeks before the events of the game, mainly populated by humans and giant-like creatures called the Varls, as the Dredge, an ancient race believed to be extinct for ages, returns to kill them all.
The plot of The Banner Saga is an interactive story, meaning that several events may or may not happen depending on the player's choices. The game follows two playable characters, each having his own story that ultimately merges into one:
On the west, the Varl Vognir, together with several other companions that include his longtime friend Hakon, the retired Varl warrior Ubin, and the resourceful human Eirik, are charged with escorting Ludin, Prince of the human capital Arberrang, to the Varl capital Grofheim in order to seal an alliance between the two races. In the city of Vedrfell however, Vognir is slain in an encounter with Dredge, leading Hakon to take command of the caravan. Continuing their way, the caravan faces many of the Dredge, and, while exploring the city in ruins of Ridgehorn, find an unconscious man next to a woman's dead body on the top of a tower. As they rescue him and continue their way, the man, Eyvind, unsuccessfully implores Hakon to return to Ridgehorn, convinced his companion is still alive. The caravan finally reaches Grofheim, only to find it aflame and completely overrun by Dredge.
On the other side of the country, the hunter Rook and his daughter Alette encounter a lone Dredge near their home of Skogr. They hastily come back to their town and their Varl friend Iver, only to find the village attacked by the Dredge. Together with the Chieftain's wife Oddleif and the other survivors of the village, they escape to the town of Frostvellr. Finding the town unsafe, they continue their quest for shelter, eventually having no choice but to seek refuge in the Varl fortress of Einartoft. On their way, terrible earthquakes occur, seemingly caused by a massive form in the distance. Although the Varl of Einartoft refuse to let humans in at first, Iver, whose real identity is a legendary, long-disappeared warrior known as Yngvar, persuades them to let the caravan in.
In Einartoft, Rook, Alette and their companions meet Hakon, Prince Ludin, and their own companions who also took shelter in the fortress after discovering what was left of Grofheim. They all meet with the Varl King, Jorundr. The situation is soon revealed to be desperate here as well, as Einartoft is now under siege from the Dredge and their immortal champion, Bellower. With the king refusing to destroy the bridge leading to the fortress, the companions have no choice but to fight the Dredge, leading to Iver being severely wounded and losing an arm in a fight against Bellower. As Eyvind tries to distract Bellower and save Iver, the massive form they saw in the distance earlier, a massive, terrifying serpent, emerges and gives a glance at the battle before going away, causing the Dredge to retreat in fear.
Meanwhile, Juno, the woman whose body was next to Eyvind when Hakon's caravan found him, awakens in the ruins of Ridgehorn, only to find the gigantic serpent facing her. After unsuccessfully trying to kill her, the serpent speaks to her, revealing he was supposed to swallow what was left of the world, but is deeply troubled by the presence of a "darkness" taking over the world instead. After he leaves, Juno contacts Eyvind by telepathy, urging him to leave Einartoft and meet her down south in the city of Sigrholm.
Eyvind soon pleads with Rook to lead him to Sigrholm. Rook agrees, as Einartoft is already doomed, and the caravan leaves, soon warned by Ubin and other survivors catching them that the city fell only a few hours after they left. When the caravan finally reaches the unwelcoming city of Sigrholm, Juno is nowhere to be found; despite Eyvind's protests, Rook decides the only hope they have left is to find shelter in the fortified city of Boersgard. However, they soon find yet another city in the brink of chaos, with no boats left, and where a group of mercenaries named the Ravens, led by the Varl Bolverk, rules the city. Boersgard finds itself stuck between the sea and a Dredge host. More Dredge arrive every day, while supplies are running out and widespread riots are tearing the city apart from the inside, as Rook and his friends decide their only hope resides in building new boats to leave by the sea before it is too late. As the city's defenses are about to fall before their goal is achieved, they are saved by Juno, together with Hakon, Prince Ludin, and an army of Varl who escaped Einartoft at the last moment. Despite this brief moment of triumph, they soon find themselves in even more trouble as Bellower and yet more Dredge arrive. With the help of Rook, Juno creates a magic arrow; the Dredge would rout if Bellower was defeated, and although he is immortal, the arrow would hit his very mind, convincing him of his own death and making him fall into a coma. The player is given the choice to give the arrow to either Rook or Alette; the one chosen ultimately hits Bellower, allowing his/her companions to defeat him and make the Dredge army flee, but is killed by Bellower after shooting him. Some time later, the caravans of Rook and Hakon, now unified as one, leave Boersgard together with the Ravens on newly constructed boats, afflicted with grief, after giving Rook/Alette a proper farewell and funeral.


[316] GameTitle : System Shock 2
In 2072, after the Citadel Station's demise, TriOptimum's attempts to cover up the incident were exposed to the media and the corporation was brought up on charges from multiple individuals and companies for the ensuing scandal. The virus developed there killed the station's population; the ruthless malevolent A.I supercomputer named SHODAN controlled, and eventually destroyed the Citadel Station in hopes of enslaving and destroying humanity. After a massive number of trials, the company went bankrupt and their operations were shut down. The United Nations Nominate (UNN), a UN successor, was established to combat the malevolence and corruption of power-hungry corporations, including TriOptimum. Artificial intelligence was reduced to most rudimentary tasks in order to prevent the creation of another SHODAN-like malevolent AI, and development of new technologies was halted. Meanwhile, the hacker, who became the most famous person in the world, vanished from public eye.
In 2100, 28 years later, the company's failed stocks and assets were bought by a Russian oligarch named Anatoly Korenchkin, a former black market operator who sought to make money in legitimate ways. He re-licensed and restored the company to its former status in the following decade. Along with producing healthcare and consumer products, Korenchkin signed weapons contracts with various military organizations, private and political-owned. The new UNN was almost virtually powerless with Korenchkin exercising control over them.
In January 2114, 42 years after the Citadel events and 12 years into rebuilding TriOptimum, the company created an experimental FTL starship, the Von Braun, which is now on its maiden voyage. The ship is also followed by a UNN space vessel, the Rickenbacker, which is controlled by Captain William Bedford Diego, son of Edward Diego, the Citadel Station's infamous commander and public hero of the Battle of the Boston Harbor during the Eastern States Police Action. Because the Rickenbacker does not have an FTL system of its own, the two ships are attached for the trip. However, Korenchkin was egotistical enough to make himself the captain of the Von Braun despite being inexperienced.[11]
In July 2114, 5 months into the journey, the ships respond to a distress signal from the planet Tau Ceti V, outside the Solar System.[12] A rescue team is sent to the planet's surface where they discover strange eggs;[13] these eggs, found in an old ejection pod, infect the rescue team and integrate them into an alien communion known as "the Many" - a psychic hive mind generated by parasitic worms which can infect and mutate a human host. The parasites eventually spread to both ships and take over or kill most of their crews.
Plot[edit]
Owing to a computer malfunction, the remaining soldier awakens with amnesia in a cryo-tube on the medical deck of the Von Braun, being implanted with an illegal cyber-neural interface. He is immediately contacted by another survivor, Dr. Janice Polito, who guides him to safety before the cabin depressurizes. She demands that he meets her on deck 4 of the Von Braun.[14] Along the way, the soldier battles the infected crew members. The Many also telepathically communicate with him, attempting to convince him to join them. After restarting the ship's engine core, the soldier reaches deck 4 and discovers that Polito is dead. He is then confronted by SHODAN. It is revealed she has been posing as Polito to gain the soldier's trust.[15]
SHODAN mentions that she is responsible for creating the Many through her bioengineering experiments on Citadel Station. The Hacker, who created her, ejected the grove that contained her experiments to prevent them contaminating Earth, an act that allowed part of SHODAN to survive in the grove. The grove crash-landed on Tau Ceti V. While SHODAN went into forced hibernation, The Many evolved beyond her control.[16] SHODAN tells the soldier that his only chance for survival lies in helping destroy her creations.[17] Efforts to regain control of XERXES, the main computer on the Von Braun, fail. SHODAN informs the soldier that destroying the ship is their only option, but he must transmit her program to the Rickenbacker first.[18] While en route, the soldier briefly encounters two survivors, Thomas "Tommy" Suarez and Rebecca Siddons, who flee the ship aboard an escape pod.[19]
With the transfer complete, the soldier travels to the Rickenbacker and learns both ships have been enveloped by the infection's source, a gigantic mass of bio-organic tissue that has wrapped itself over the two ships.[20] The soldier enters the biomass and destroys its core, stopping the infection. SHODAN congratulates him and tells of her intentions to merge real space and cyberspace through the Von Braun's faster-than-light drive.[21] The soldier confronts SHODAN in cyberspace and defeats her. The final scene shows Tommy and Rebecca receiving a message from the Von Braun. Tommy responds, saying they will return and noting that Rebecca is acting strange. Rebecca is shown speaking in a SHODAN-like voice, asking Tommy if he "likes her new look", as the screen fades to black.


[317] GameTitle : Sherlock Holmes: Crimes and Punishments
The overarching plot is that a group of terrorists calling themselves the Merry Men are attempting to overthrow the government, and free the people of the United Kingdom from debt. The game features six separate cases, some of which are direct adaptations of original Sherlock Holmes canon by Sir Arthur Conan Doyle. Each case is self-contained and apart from in-game achievements, such as moral choices, do not relate to one another. The cases are as follows:
The Fate of Black Peter: Sherlock Holmes investigates the murder of Peter Carey, known as Black Peter, an ill-tempered whaling captain who was found impaled on the wall of his garden cabin with a whaling harpoon. The case is an adaptation of "The Adventure of Black Peter".
The Riddle on the Rails: Holmes and Watson pursue a train that mysteriously disappeared from its tracks in rural Staffordshire. This story adapts elements from "The Lost Special".
The Blood Bath: A renowned archaeologist is found dead, in a ritual pose, in the locked steam room of the Roman Baths in London while having a meeting with his colleagues. Holmes delves into an investigation featuring the Cult of Mithras.
The Abbey Grange Affair: Sir Eustace Brackenstall, an aristocrat of violent temper has allegedly been murdered by a trio of burglars who also took his wife hostage and stole his silverware. Holmes pursues the culprit or culprits while questioning the veracity of the lady's statement. The story is adapted from "The Adventure of the Abbey Grange".
The Kew Gardens Drama: Holmes is requested by an old friend to investigate the theft of some exotic plants at the Kew Gardens. The investigation takes a new turn as the Director of the Gardens is revealed to have died a few days before the theft, Holmes suddenly finds himself investigating a possible murder.
A Half Moon Walk: Brother of Wiggins, Holmes' chief Baker Street Irregular, has been charged with double murder and Wiggins asks Holmes to clear his brother's name. The case soon begins to have a whole new aspect featuring men who disappear from plain sight.
At the end, Holmes confronts the Merry Men, and they attempt to reason with him that their goal is for the benefit of the people. Holmes can choose to allow them to carry out their plan, or to stop them, though he will not take them into custody.


[329] GameTitle : Dark Messiah of Might &amp; Magic
Nearly a thousand years ago the Wars of Fire raged across the face of Ashan. Men, Elves, Dwarves, and their allies pitted themselves against the hordes of Demons. Great devastation was wrought, but in the end the allied forces were victorious. Their victory was largely due to the heroic sacrifice of the wizard known as Sar-Elam, the Seventh Dragon. Using his almost god-like powers and supported by his fellow wizards, Sar-Elam cast the Demons out of the world into a limbo of eternal fire. From the essence of his spirit, Sar-Elam wove a prison to contain the Demons forever. Something went wrong during Sar-Elams ritual, however. The magic he summoned failed to create a complete prison; the tiniest of flaws remained in the otherwise impervious barrier, a weakness that allowed Demonic influence to seep into the world during times of a lunar eclipse. Angry but patient, the Demons lurked in their prison waiting... and planning. All that remained of the Seventh Dragon was his skull. Now called the Skull of Shadows, it was spirited away by those loyal to the goddess Mother Asha, creator of the world and source of all magic. They hid it in an ancient temple on a deserted island, far from the machinations of Men, Elves, or Demons. There the Skull sits, awaiting the day when its powers might be needed again.
67 years after Sar-Elam's death, his disciple Sar-Shazzar prophesied that a half-demon, half-human child would one day be born; a walker between worlds who would-be known as the "Dark Messiah" and would use the relics of the Seventh Dragon to shatter the Demons prison forever.
969 years after Sar-Elam's death, after the young king Nicolai Griffin was killed by a demon renegade, the demon sovereign, Kha-Beleth impregnated Nicolai's former-fiancee, Isabel Greyhound, and before she could have been saved, she gave birth to the Dark Messiah.
20 years later, Sareth's story begins.
Story[edit]





This section does not cite any sources. Please help improve this section by adding citations to reliable sources. Unsourced material may be challenged and removed. (November 2008) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)


The protagonist of Dark Messiah is a young man named Sareth, who is under the tutelage of the Wizard Phenrig. After years of studying the arts of magic and physical training in the arts of war, he is finally taken on an expedition to retrieve a rare artifact known as the Shantiri Crystal. After finding the Crystal and disposing of the would-be rival expedition, Sareth is tasked to bring the crystal to an associate of Phenrig's, the Wizard Menelag, who is also the lord of the city of Stonehelm. Menelag and Phenrig have certain "mutual interests" that involve finding an artifact called the Skull of Shadows. Menelag apparently is unable to continue his search without the Crystal. To guide him on his way, a spirit named Xana will reside in Sareth's mind.
Shortly after arriving in Stonehelm, Sareth witnesses an undead cyclops and a small army of ghouls sent by the Necromancers breach Stonehelm's defenses and begin to overwhelm the guards. Sareth is recruited to help in the defense effort by taking control of a ballista. Using this, he manages to stun the undead cyclops long enough for a guard to stab it in the eye, thus killing it. Seeing their most valuable asset destroyed, the remnants of the invading force beat a hasty retreat. Sareth then resumes his search for Menelag. Upon reaching the front gate of Menelag's manor, Sareth is greeted by Leanna, the young niece and pupil of Menelag. That night, the three enjoy a small feast in Sareth's honor after which Menelag informs Sareth that they will set sail the following morning to resume the search for the Skull.
In the middle of the night, the crystal is stolen by a ghoul, who murders Menelag in the process. Sareth then chases the ghoul to a warehouse, where he finds the necromancer Arantir using the crystal's power to open a portal to Nar-Heresh, the necromancer city. Sareth manages to steal the crystal back and escape to the docks, where he falls asleep. In a dream, he recalls his meeting with Phenrig, except that Phenrig is saying that he does not trust Sareth on this mission alone and says that he needs someone to "hold his leash" as he summons Xana. In the dream, Xana appears to be a demon and attacks Sareth. Sareth and Leanna leave Stonehelm by boat and travel to the island with the Skull of Shadows. While en route, Sareth has another dream in which he kills Leanna, and Arantir alludes that she is only the first of many victims.




The player attacks a Pao kai.


After arriving, they find the expedition destroyed, and most of the men dead, killed by Orc warriors. Sareth and Leanna are chased into the Temple of the Skull by a Pao kai which Sareth kills a little later with a gate, and Sareth proceeds alone to the top of the Temple, where he places the Shantiri Crystal, and defeats the Orc chief Aratok in a duel. Arantir then reveals himself and appears to kill Leanna. Sareth, however, escapes to the crypt below and retrieves the Skull of Shadows. Sareth then has a vision of the Demon Sovereign Kha-Beleth, who reveals himself to be Sareth's father. Kha-Beleth names Sareth the Dark Messiah, and then commands to be released using the power of the Skull. Sareth wakes up to see Arantir, who takes the skull and then impales Sareth on a spike.
Fueled by Xana's demonic power, Sareth wakes up alive and gains the power to transform into a demon, which grants him uncanny strength at the cost of health. Stripped of all his belongings, Sareth uses the demon form to fight off the Orc guards as he recovers his items. He manages to leave the island and returns to Stonehelm. Once there, he takes the portal to Nar-Heresh. There, Sareth witnesses Leanna - who is still alive - being thrown into a spider pit. Saving Leanna is optional, but impacts the possible endings that the player may receive. Regardless of the player's choice, Sareth discovers Arantir's plans to sacrifice the entire population of Stonehelm in order to permanently seal Kha-Beleth's prison.
Sareth then returns to a besieged Stonehelm, fighting alongside the remaining human resistance. If Leanna was rescued in the previous chapter, Sareth may visit the sanctuary in order to purge Xana from his body. If Sareth proceeds with the cleansing, he loses the ability to transform into a demon, but gains the ability to use powerful holy weapons. If Sareth is unable or unwilling to undergo the cleansing ritual, nothing will change. Whatever the case, the choice determines which endings the player may receive.
In the ancient necropolis over which Stonehelm was built, Sareth is eventually reunited with Leanna. If the player left her behind in the spider pit, she appears as a Lich, who Sareth then destroys. If Sareth saved her, but did not cleanse himself, she will attack him. If Leanna was rescued and Sareth cleansed himself, she will join Sareth in the final chapter.
Sareth then makes his way through the necropolis and eventually catches up with Arantir as he is about to perform the ritual. When Sareth attacks Arantir, he summons his Avatar of Death, also seen in Heroes V: Tribes of the East (the dragon in Dark Messiah does resemble a pao kai but it is still uncertain as to what the dragon really is). Sareth fights off the Dragon, which forces Arantir to perform a resummoning, during which Arantir is vulnerable. Eventually Arantir is defeated, leaving Sareth to make his final decision for the Skull.
The player may use the Skull to lock his father away forever, or destroy the Skull and free his father. Each option offers a different ending. The ensuing cut scene will vary slightly depending on whether it is Leanna or Xana that accompanies Sareth at the end of the game, giving the game a total of four different endings.


[330] GameTitle : Vampire: The Masquerade - Bloodlines
The game begins with the player character, an unnamed human, being killed and resurrected as a fledgling vampire. For this unauthorized act, the fledgling and their Sire are brought before the Camarilla. The Sire is executed by order of LaCroix; the fledgling is spared the same fate by the intervention of the Anarch, Nines Rodriguez, and employed by the prince.
LaCroix sends the fledgling to Santa Monica to help his ghoul, Mercurio, destroy a Sabbat warehouse. Following his success the fledgling travels to downtown Los Angeles, meeting separately with Nines, LaCroix, and Jack. LaCroix tasks the player with investigating a docked ship, the Elizabeth Dane, for information about an Ankaran sarcophagus rumored to contain the body of an Antediluvian, one of the oldest and most powerful vampires, whose arrival would herald the vampire apocalypse, Gehenna. The fledgling discovers that the sarcophagus seems to have been opened from within.
Increased Sabbat activity coincides with the disappearance of the Malkavian chief, Alistair Grout. At Grout's mansion, the fledgling sees Nines leaving and discovers Grout's remains in the mansion with vampire hunter Grunfeld Bach, who denies involvement in Grout's death. Learning about Nines' presence at the mansion, LaCroix tells the other chiefs to approve Nines' execution. The fledgling is sent to the Museum of Natural History to recover the sarcophagus, but finds that it has been stolen. Jack later suggests to the fledgling that LaCroix wants the sarcophagus to drink the blood of the ancient within, gaining its power.
Believing that Gary, the Nosferatu chief, has stolen the sarcophagus, the fledgling is sent to Hollywood to find him; after locating a captured Nosferatu for Gary, he reveals that the sarcophagus was stolen by the Giovanni vampire clan. The fledgling infiltrates the Giovanni mansion and finds the sarcophagus guarded by the Kuei-Jin, who claim their leader, Ming-Xiao, has formed an alliance with LaCroix. The locked sarcophagus is returned to LaCroix's tower and Beckett, a vampire historian, tells the fledgling that the only person who can open it has been abducted by Grunfeld to lure LaCroix. The fledgling kills Grunfeld and learns that the sarcophagus' key has been stolen.
They return to LaCroix, learning that the Sabbat tried to steal the sarcophagus to destroy it and prevent Gehenna, and kill the Sabbat leader to disperse his followers. The fledgling is met by Ming-Xiao, who offers to form an alliance. Ming-Xiao reveals that she has the key, and LaCroix killed Grout to prevent his powerful insight from unveiling LaCroix's plans; Ming-Xiao changed into Nines at the mansion to frame him. Denying Ming-Xiao's claims, LaCroix rescinds the blood hunt on Nines and entrusts the fledgling with recruiting the Anarchs to punish the Kuei-Jin for murdering Grout. The fledgling finds Nines hiding in the forest, and they are then attacked by a werewolf and Nines is badly injured. The fledgling escapes with Jack, who reveals that LaCroix has issued an execution order on the fledgling for framing Nines on orders from Ming-Xiao.
The end varies, depending on whom, if anyone, the fledgling allies with. If the fledgling supports LaCroix or Ming-Xiao, each sends the fledgling to kill the other. LaCroix opens the sarcophagus, to be killed with the fledgling by hidden explosives; Ming-Xiao betrays the fledgling, chaining them to the sarcophagus and sinking it in the ocean. Supporting the Anarchs or no one makes the fledgling kill Ming-Xiao and maim LaCroix, who is killed after he opens the sarcophagus. If the fledgling opens the sarcophagus, they die in the explosion. If the fledgling is a Tremere, they kill Ming-Xiao; LaCroix is replaced by Tremere leader Maximillian Strauss, and the sarcophagus is stored. Each ending has Jack watching from afar with the mummy taken from the coffin and the enigmatic taxi driver who transports the fledgling between locations, who says "The blood of Caine controls our fate&#160;... Farewell, vampire."


[333] GameTitle : Call of Juarez
The game begins with Billy returning to Hope. Although excited to see his mother, he is not looking forward to seeing his stepfather, who beat him daily.[24] Upon arriving at his farm, however, Billy finds Thomas and Marisa dead, lying underneath the words "Call of Juarez" written on the wall in their blood. Meanwhile, in town, a woman has alerted the local preacher, Ray McCall, of gunfire at his brother's farm. Ray abandons mass and races to the farm to see Billy standing over the bodies. Billy panics and runs, and Ray assumes Billy is the killer. Believing himself ordained by God to avenge their deaths, he sets out to track Billy down.[25]
Billy decides to head to Molly Ferguson's ranch, believing she is the only one who will accept his innocence. As Ray tracks Billy to the ranch, he meets a group of Texas Rangers who tell him they are about to attack the ranch because Mr. Ferguson is a rustler. Ray helps them, chasing Billy into the fields, and shooting him. Billy falls from a mountain into a nearby river. However, at that moment, Ray hears screaming coming from the ranch. He returns to find the Rangers were in fact bandits, who have killed most of the occupants of the house and taken Molly captive. Ray races after them, but they reach the river before he can catch them. In despair, he breaks down, questioning if he has been right about anything, asking if God has abandoned him, and determining to try to redeem himself by saving Molly.[26]
Meanwhile, Billy survives his fall, although he had lost his medallion in the river. He is nursed back to health by Calm Water (Robert Greygrass), a Native America medicine man who sees that Billy is a man running from himself, and advises that he should accept who he truly is and embrace his destiny. Although Billy is skeptical of Calm Water's advice, he carries out some errands for him. However, upon returning, he finds the bandits who posed as Rangers have killed Calm Water. They knock Billy out, and take him captive. Elsewhere, Ray continues to pursue the bandits, and injuring one of them, he learns they are taking the girl to Juarez. Meanwhile, in a semi-conscious state, Billy remembers a story his mother told him about the medallion;

There is one candle, but three graves. The Gold of Juarez belongs only to the brave. This medallion is for you my darling, I want you to wear it always. Put it on over your corazon. The candle engraved upon it will light your path and protect you from evil. There's only one candle, but three graves. In the first grave, a bad man sleeps. He might wake up, so shhhhhhh. In the second one, a heart of a rich man with a heart of stone slumbers. For him the gift will not be enough. In the third grave, a beggar lays. You need to light the candle for him, because a little warmth means a lot to a poor man. He'll give you the gold, because the poor are always more generous than the rich. There is one candle, but three graves. The Gold of Juarez belongs only to the brave.[27]

An imprisoned Billy then meets Juan Mendoza, for whom the bandits work. He reveals he is Billy's father. He explains Marisa was his woman, but she left him for Thomas McCall, and that the medallion she took from him is the key to the location of the Gold of Juarez. He sent his men to Hope to get it from her, but when they found she didn't have it, they killed her and Thomas. Billy explains he lost the medallion in the river, but Mendoza doesn't believe him, and sends him into the desert, giving him one hour to find the gold, or he will kill Molly. Using his memory of the shape of the medallion and his mother's story, Billy is able to locate the Gold in a hidden underground passage. However, Mendoza has followed him, and attempts to kill him. Billy flees, and is rescued by Ray, who tells him to get to safety as he returns to Mendoza's alcazar to rescue Molly. Ray then reveals his own backstory; he and Thomas were running cattle over the Mexican border when they met Marisa. They both fell in love with her, although she was Mendoza's woman, and she chose Thomas over Ray. They fled to the caverns in which the Gold was hidden, but Ray tracked them. There, he confronted Thomas. Their younger brother, William, a priest, attempted to intervene, but Ray killed him. On that day, Ray renounced violence and embraced God. Believing the gold to be cursed, he, Marisa and Thomas agreed to leave it behind and seal the cavern.[28]
Ray storms Mendoza's alcazar, fighting his way to Molly's cell. However, Mendoza traps them both inside and sets fire to the cell. Having decided not to take Ray advice to flee, Billy arrives, and puts out the fire. He shoots Mendoza and releases Ray and Molly. However, as Ray leaves the cell, Mendoza appears and shoots him at close range, revealing he had been wearing armor when Billy shot him. Juarez and Billy fight, with Billy defeating him. As he lies dying, Ray realizes the whole affair was his fault, and prays that his actions will not lead to the deaths of Billy and Molly. He recovers his strength just as Mendoza pulls a knife and is about to attack Billy from behind. With his last action, Ray kills Mendoza, before dying happily.
Billy and Molly bury Ray in a nearby cemetery. As they stand over his grave, Billy says he will take Calm Water's advice and stop running from his destiny and from who he truly is.


[334] GameTitle : Condemned: Criminal Origins
The game begins with the protagonist, SCU agent Ethan Thomas, arriving at the scene of a murder. He and his fellow officers go into an abandoned building that is surrounded by psychopaths and criminals. The crime scene they investigate is one of a young woman. She is on the floor with strangulation wounds, sitting across a table from a male mannequin. Ethan, along with his colleagues, agree that the murder was most likely committed by the Match Maker, a serial killer that Ethan has been investigating. After they collect evidence from the scene, one of the officers smells cigarette smoke. Believing that the smoke must be coming from their suspect, they decide to split up and go after him. While searching for the suspect, Ethan tries to restore power from an electrical box. Due to an electrical surge, Ethan is shocked, and drops to the floor, causing his weapon to be thrown from his hand. A man hiding in the shadows takes it and flees. Ethan manages to chase the man into a small, dead-end room, where the man holds Ethan at gunpoint and tells him they have similar goals. Ethan's colleagues enter the room and tell the man to drop his weapon, and are promptly shot by the man with Ethan's gun, who then shoves Ethan out a window onto the street.
Ethan wakes in his apartment with Malcolm Vanhorn, a friend of Ethan’s father, at his side. Malcolm warns Ethan that he is wanted for the deaths of the two officers who were shot with Ethan's gun. Ethan is determined to prove his innocence, although his own sanity appears to be slipping, as throughout the game he suffers numerous horrific visions, and all the while is forced to fight to the death in self-defence against homeless men and women who have inexplicably been driven insane.
He soon learns that the killer is interested in Ethan’s SCU career. Later, he finds the body of the Match Maker, killed by his own modus operandi in an old department store. He presumes that the man at the original crime scene, referred to in the game as "Serial Killer X", is the culprit and that he is trying to kill the serial killers that Ethan is looking for. Ethan searches for the one that he thinks is next, a serial killer dubbed 'The Torturer'.
Ethan tracks the Torturer and Serial Killer X to an abandoned apple orchard in the rural town of Brier. Shortly before finding the Torturer in the farmhouse, Ethan is attacked by a strange man-like creature. Ethan kills the creature, and continues in his search. He searches through the farm where he eventually finds the Torturer dead, also killed by his own modus operandi. Soon, Ethan finds the mysterious killer, who is revealed to be Leland Vanhorn, nephew of Malcolm Vanhorn. Malcolm arrives and knocks Ethan out with a shovel to prevent him from hurting Leland. Leland then knocks Malcolm out.
When Ethan revives, he is tied up and at the mercy of Leland. He explains to Ethan that he has been killing the serial killers that Ethan had been hunting, and that he intends to kill Ethan as well. As Leland thinks of all the ways that he can kill Ethan, cutting Ethan's finger off in the process, Ethan notices another man-like creature hiding in the rafters. This creature is known as 'The Hate'[citation needed] and is identified as the source of the madness gripping Metro City. Malcolm jumps Leland from behind and succeeds in wrestling him to the ground. Ethan manages to free himself, and Malcolm tells him to kill The Hate, saying that it is the cause of Leland’s madness. Ethan pursues The Hate as it tries to escape, fighting waves of hideously burned homeless men along the way, and eventually corners it in a barn and kills it.
As Malcolm drives Ethan home, Ethan discovers that Leland is alive, and in the trunk of the car. When Ethan opens the trunk, he is given the option to shoot the tied-up Leland. If he does not shoot Leland, Leland pulls out his own gun and waves it at Ethan before committing suicide. Later, Ethan and Rosa are having a conversation in a diner when Rosa tips him off that she is wired, revealing that she still trusts him. Rosa then leaves the diner, and Ethan goes to the bathroom. While in the restroom, the player witnesses as Ethan's mouth becomes that of one of The Hate before the game comes to an abrupt halt.


[336] GameTitle : Dreamfall: The Longest Journey
The story of Dreamfall is presented as a narration of Zoë Castillo, a 20-year-old resident of Casablanca in 2219, who lies in coma and recounts the events that left her in that state. Her account concerns Project Alchera, an international conspiracy led by the Japan-based toy manufacturer WatiCorp, inventors of a lucid dream-inducing technology ("dreamer console") that can be covertly used for mass brainwashing and even murder. One byproduct of their research is a young girl named Faith, whom they used to test the hallucinogenic drug Morpheus as part of their DreamNet technology. After receiving a fatal overdose of Morpheus, Faith managed to transfer her consciousness to the DreamNet mainframe, from where she is able to briefly enter Stark's digital networks, disrupting the worldwide infrastructure with massive amounts of white noise, referred as "static" in the game.[nb 1]
Zoë's story begins when her journalist ex-boyfriend Reza Temiz disappears while investigating Project Alchera. At the same time, Faith starts to haunt her through television screens, urging her to find and to "save" April. Zoë tracks Reza down to Newport, a fictional megapolis on the West Coast where a large part of TLJ took place. After learning about April from her friends, she is captured by WATI agents and forcibly attached to a dreamer console, which has an unexpected effect: when her body falls asleep in Stark, she gains a physical presence in Arcadia and can interact with people and objects there. In Marcuria, she locates and meets April, who refuses to get involved in her search for answers due to the loss of her Shifting powers and to her own obligations as an anti-Azadi resistance leader. Waking up in Newport, Zoë travels to Japan to meet Reza's contact inside Wati who explains Project Alchera to her.
In Arcadia, April spies on Azadi officials' negotiations with a hooded figure known as "the Prophet", whom she pursues to the underground caves beneath Marcuria. There, she discovers a vortex of dreams stolen from Stark and leaves the city to seek advice from the White Dragon and Gordon Halloway, who assures her that the current events have nothing to do with her. She returns to discover that Zoë was captured by the Azadi and encounters Kian Alvane, who has just arrived in Marcuria on a mission to assassinate April. Unaware of each other's identities, the two engage in a heated argument over Azadi politics that leads him to reexamine the morality of his task. April then frees Zoë but again refuses to assist in her quest, so Zoë instead teams up with Brian Westhouse, another Starkian trapped in Arcadia, and Crow, a talking bird and April's ex-sidekick. Together, they seek out the White Dragon, who teleports Zoë back to April, only for her to witness the Azadi troops sacking the main resistance camp, killing April, and detaining Kian for treason, after he tries to protect April from them.
Waking up in Stark, Zoë learns from her Wati contact that the static had originated from a testing facility near Saint Petersburg where she discovers a record of Faith's final months. Distressed by the video, Zoë returns to Casablanca and meets Faith's creator, the geneticist Helena Chang, who asks her to persuade Faith to die in order to stop the static, which is in the meantime threatening to cause another Collapse.[nb 1] Zoë uses a dreamer console to reach Faith, who reveals that Zoë is also one of Chang's creations before disappearing. Chang then injects Zoë with an overdose of Morpheus, leaving her body in a coma and her consciousness, trapped in the space between the Twin Worlds. In the final shots before the credits, a short television broadcast announces the release of the dreamer consoles three months after the events of the game.


[337] GameTitle : The Longest Journey
The game takes place in the parallel universes of magic-dominated Arcadia and industrial Stark. The protagonist, April Ryan, is an 18-year-old art student living in Stark, identified as a 'Shifter' capable of movement between these worlds, and tasked with restoring their essential Balance.




The player character, April Ryan, is standing in front of The Tree in her dream.


The story begins in Stark, where a sleeping April unintentionally shifts to Arcadia and meets the 'White Dragon', who identifies her as the heroine of the coming story. Upon learning this, April is attacked by a dark 'Chaos Vortex' and awakens in Stark, where she dismisses her experience as a nightmare. The character 'Cortez' later surprises her by revealing his knowledge.
When surreal activity begins affecting her friends, April meets again with Cortez, who transports her to the Arcadian city Marcuria. There she meets Tobias Grensret, Vestrum of the Sentinel; learns Alltongue, the common language in Arcadia; and hears from Tobias that the Balance protecting both worlds is dissolving after the dereliction of its Guardian, and must be restored by the appearance of another.
To return to Stark, April visits Brian Westhouse, a friend of Cortez, who assists her return; Cortez then tells her of the organization known as the Vanguard or Church of Voltec. The next day, April consults Warren Hughes, a homeless boy who agrees to help April if she erases his criminal record and locates his missing sister, in doing which April finds a data cube on the Church of Voltec. Hughes then refers her to a hacker named Burns Flipper, who reveals that the wealthy magnate Jacob McAllen is head of the Vanguard, assisted by Gordon Halloway, a former candidate for Guardianship divided by the Vanguard into Chaos (in Arcadia) and Logic (in Stark), and gives her a false identification by which to infiltrate the Vanguard through its front company MTI.
Meeting Cortez and Father Raul in a Catholic cathedral, April is told that Arcadia is on the brink of war. Later in Arcadia, April meets the innkeeper, Benrime Salmin, and the clairvoyant Abnaxus, ambassador of the Venar, who identifies the coming danger. In the morning, April learns of four magical species, each of whom has prophecies of a savior who will restore the Balance, only to finally break it – and determines to visit one such species, the winged Alatian of the island Alais, having gained sea-travel by rescuing a talking bird that she names Crow. Before departing, she learns that she must defeat an alchemist named Roper Klacks, in order to free the ships' wind that he holds captive.
At Roper Klacks' Tower, April challenges Klacks to use his magic against her calculator, and wins. Immediately before her departure to Alais, Tobias gives April the Talisman representing the Balance. En route, April kills the monster known as 'Gribbler' while rescuing one of her captive Banda, whose species later give her the name 'April Bandu-embata' as a mark of gratitude and grant her part of the disc necessary to restore the Balance.
On the voyage to Alais, a 'Chaos Storm' attacks the ship, and April sabotages the ship's compass to restore its course. When the ship's captain seizes her Talisman, April attempts to retrieve it, and in so doing sinks the ship, whereupon the crew abandon her on a raft. She is taken prisoner by the Maerum, a Mermaid-like species related to the Alatian, but currently their enemies. In revealing their common ancestry, April fulfills a prophecy of the 'Waterstiller', a foretold savior of the Maerum.
After fulfilling the second prophecy by killing a 'Snapjaw', she is conveyed to fulfill the third by re-uniting the Maerum with the Alatians. After a series of tasks and in meeting with the Alatians' leader, April fulfills their prophecy by flying without wings, and convinces the Alatian to make peace with the Maerum.
In a coastal sea cave, the Teller's guard and the Maerum Queen bring stones which combine to form the second part of the Balance's disc; whereupon the Maerum convey April, at her own request, to the Blue Dragon, who gives April one of the disc's Jewels and takes her to a ship inhabited by the Dark People, who give April the third piece of the disc, and an astral map locating the Guardian's Realm.
At the Marcurian Harbor, April is attacked by the Chaos and returns to the Cathedral in Stark. There, Father Raul reveals that he is also a Sentinel Minstrum of Stark, and that Cortez is missing. On returning to her lodgings, April is caught by Gordon Halloway. She is rescued by another character, Lady Alvane, who teaches April to shift at will, and sends April to Abnaxus to receive the disc's final piece. April then returns to the White Dragon, who reveals herself as April's mother and dies, and a new White Dragon emerges from her egg.
Returned to Stark, April gives Flipper the star map to decipher, infiltrates MTI, and is captured by antagonist McAllen. Unable to escape, she surrenders her two jewels and the disc, and is then imprisoned. Upon escaping in pursuit of her object, she is trapped again; but rescued by Cortez. McAllen then reveals that he and Cortez are two Dragons (called 'Draic Kin', in-universe) meant to protect Stark, but at odds after McAllen's decision to re-unite the two worlds despite the risk of Chaos. The two then appear to die in combat. Retrieving the disc and the four jewels, April returns to Flipper, whom she finds dying after the seizure of her deciphered map by Gordon Halloway, and gains a copy from him, which she uses to locate the Guardian's Realm near the space station 'Morning Star'.
At the station, April frees Adrian, the derelict Guardian, and escapes with Halloway in pursuit. On her way to the Guardians' Tower, she imprisons the Chaos Vortex in her Talisman and later summons Crow, who helps her complete the necessary trials. Inside the tower, April re-unites Halloway with the Chaos Vortex to restore his candidacy as Guardian and returns to Stark and Arcadia.
In the Epilogue, the scene returns to Lady Alvane’s home, where she has narrated the entire story to two youths, and where she reveals that the two worlds re-united under Gordon Halloway. Upon their departure, an aged and graying Crow enters, asking the tale of the "warrior princess" who won the war of the Balance, and she corrects his impression; a possible reference to the sequel, Dreamfall: The Longest Journey.


[338] GameTitle : BioShock
In 1960, at the start of the game, player character Jack is a passenger on a plane that goes down in the Atlantic Ocean.[18][19] As the only survivor, Jack makes his way to a nearby lighthouse that houses a bathysphere terminal that takes him to Rapture.[20]
Jack is contacted by Atlas via radio, and is guided to safety from the Splicers and the perils of the run down city. Atlas requests Jack's help in stopping Ryan, directing him to a docked bathysphere where he claims Ryan has trapped his family. When Jack encounters a wandering Little Sister and its fallen Big Daddy, Atlas urges Jack to kill the Little Sister to harvest her ADAM for himself; Dr. Tenenbaum overhears this and intercepts Jack before he harms the Little Sister, urging him to spare the child and any other Little Sisters he encounters, providing him with a plasmid that would force the sea slug out of her body.[21] Jack eventually works his way to the bathysphere, but Ryan destroys it before Jack can reach it. Enraged, Atlas directs Jack towards Ryan's mansion through Ryan's army of Splicers and Big Daddies. At times, Jack is forced to travel through areas controlled by Ryan's allies that have now become deranged, such as Sander Cohen, a former musician that now takes enjoyment in watching the death and misery of others.
Eventually, Jack enters Ryan's personal office, where Ryan is patiently waiting for Jack by casually playing golf. Ryan explains he fully knew of Atlas' plan, and explains that Jack is his illegitimate child, taken from his mother by Fontaine who placed him out of Ryan's reach on the surface, and genetically modified to age rapidly. Fontaine had planned to use Jack as a trump card in his war with Ryan, bringing him back to Rapture when the time was right; Jack's genetics would allow him to access systems such as the bathysphere that Ryan had locked out long ago. With no place to run, Ryan is willing to accept death by his own free will, quoting one of his own principles: "A man chooses. A slave obeys." He asks Jack "would you kindly" kill him with the golf club, and Jack is compelled to do so.[22] As Ryan dies, Jack becomes aware that the phrase "would you kindly" has preceded many of Atlas' commands as a hypnotic trigger forcing him to follow Atlas' orders without question; a flashback reveals Jack himself was responsible for crashing his plane near the lighthouse after reading a letter containing the trigger phrase. Atlas reveals himself as Fontaine, having used the Atlas alias to hide himself while providing a figure for the lower class to rally behind. Without Ryan, Fontaine takes over control of Ryan's systems, and leaves Jack to die as he releases hostile security drones into Ryan's locked office.
Jack is saved by Dr. Tenenbaum and the Little Sisters who had previously been rescued. Dr. Tenenbaum helps Jack to remove Fontaine's conditioned responses, including one that would have stopped his heart. With the help of the Little Sisters, Jack is able to make his way to Fontaine's lair to face him. Fontaine, being cornered by Jack, injects himself with a large amount of ADAM, becoming an inhuman monster. Jack is aided by the Little Sisters in draining the ADAM in Fontaine's body and eventually killing him.
The ending depends on how the player interacted with the Little Sisters:

If the player rescues all of the Little Sisters (or harvest only one of them), Jack takes them back to the surface with him and adopts five of them as his daughters, and Tenenbaum happily narrates how they go on to live full lives under his care, eventually surrounding him on his deathbed. This ending is considered canon in BioShock Infinite: Burial at Sea.
If the player harvests more than one Little Sister, Jack turns on the Little Sisters to harvest their ADAM.[23] Tenenbaum sadly narrates what occurred, condemning Jack and his actions. A submarine then comes across the wreckage of the plane, and finds itself suddenly surrounded by bathyspheres containing Splicers who attack the crew and take control of it. The submarine is revealed to be carrying nuclear missiles, with Tenenbaum claiming that Jack has now "stolen the terrible secrets of the world":[24] the more Little Sisters are harvested, the harsher and more furious Tenenbaum's narrative becomes.[25]



[340] GameTitle : BioShock 2
BioShock 2 opens on New Year's Eve 1958 (two years before the events of the first game), as Subject Delta patrols Rapture with his Little Sister, Eleanor. Eleanor is separated from Delta by her mother, Sofia Lamb, who uses a mind control plasmid on Delta to make him shoot himself. Ten years later, Delta awakens, revived by Little Sisters under the control of Eleanor. Delta is drawn towards Eleanor by their past Big Daddy-Little Sister connection. Brigid Tenenbaum encounters Delta, and explains that unless Delta reunites with Eleanor, he will fall into a coma. With the help of the Little Sisters under Eleanor's control and Tenenbaum's ally, Augustus Sinclair, Delta makes his way towards Lamb's stronghold. Traveling through the city, Delta encounters members of the Rapture family such as Holloway, Poole and Alexander, who he can kill or spare, and learns Lamb's plan: she seeks to use ADAM to transform Eleanor into a perfect embodiment of her altruistic ideals. Lamb's ultimate goal is to have the collected minds and memories of everyone in Rapture become a part of Eleanor through the use of the genetic memory in ADAM, thus making her an "Embodiment of the Family" which Lamb believes will put an end to "The Self".
Delta arrives at a containment chamber where Eleanor is held, but Lamb captures him and severs his bond with Eleanor by temporarily stopping her heart. Though Eleanor survives, Delta begins to slowly die as the bond cannot be re-established. Using a Little Sister, Eleanor transforms herself into a Big Sister and breaks Delta from confinement. Together they head for an escape pod that Sinclair has arranged to leave Rapture. The two find that Lamb has converted Sinclair into Subject Omega, declaring that Delta should be what Sinclair is now, and Delta is forced to finish him off. After a final climactic showdown with the remnants of The Rapture Family in order to buy time for Eleanor to prepare the pod, Delta is forced to flood the area and escape in his suit. Eleanor and Delta make it to the escape pod but a bomb set by Lamb leaves Delta mortally wounded. Eleanor teleports and reaches the escape pod before the bomb blows, while Delta manages to grab onto the pod's side and climb aboard as it rises.
The game's ending depends on how the player interacted with the Little Sisters, and the fates of non-player characters Holloway, Poole and Alexander within the game. Eleanor can save Sofia Lamb or allow her to die, depending on whether the player spared or executed the non-player characters. If Delta rescued all of the Little Sisters he will breathe his last breath in Eleanor's arms, the weather will be sunny and clean, then she will absorb his personality and memories and leave Rapture with the Little Sisters to change the world for the better, dropping the doll that one of the little sisters give her in the ocean, which slightly resembles Delta, in order to mourn his death, and to make his death count. If Delta harvested all of the Little Sisters then Eleanor will extract Delta's ADAM and become bent on world domination, the weather becoming dark and stormy as the corpses of Rapture's inhabitants float to the surface. A mix between rescuing and harvesting the little sisters gives the player a choice; either Eleanor can absorb his ADAM and become evil, or Delta can stop her and die, in which case Eleanor will mourn his death and make her own way in life.


[342] GameTitle : Max Payne 2: The Fall of Max Payne
Two years after the events of the first game, Max has been reinstated as a detective in the NYPD. Max is called on to investigate a gunfight at a warehouse owned by Max's old associate Vladimir Lem and discovers the place has been attacked by a group of hitmen called the Cleaners. He encounters Mona Sax, who was presumed dead at the end of the previous game. Max heads to a restaurant owned by Lem and rescues him from his old foe Vinnie Gognitti; Lem claims that Gognitti is trying to monopolize the black market gun trade and sees Lem as a threat. After evading an attack by the Cleaners in his Apartment, Max tracks Mona to an abandoned funhouse and learns that the Cleaners are after anyone who knows about the secretive Inner Circle. While attempting to track down a contact, Mona is arrested because of her crimes and is taken in to the police station, despite Max's protests.
While at the station, Max overhears his new partner, Valerie Winterson, talking on the phone about Mona. Suddenly, the station is attacked by the Cleaners, who are looking for Mona. Mona breaks out of her cell, and after fighting off the Cleaners, Max and Mona begin hunting down the people responsible for the attack. Their search leads them to a construction site, where he and Mona defend themselves against the Cleaners. After their foes leave, Winterson arrives and holds Mona at gunpoint. Mona claims that Winterson is there to kill her, while Winterson claims that she is simply trying to arrest a fleeing fugitive. After several moments of consideration, Max fatally shoots Winterson, allowing Mona to escape. Before she dies, Winterson shoots Max, hospitalizing him.[5]
The Cleaners raid the Hospital building looking for Max, but Max manages to fight his way out. He visits Senator Alfred Woden, the leader of the Inner Circle, who reveals that the Cleaners work for Lem; Lem wants to secure control of the criminal underground and the Inner Circle by killing Gognitti and Woden. Max raids Lem's restaurant, killing several of his henchmen, and discovers that Winterson was Lem's mistress. He then races to Gognitti's hideout to save him from Lem, and the two flee to Mona's funhouse hoping that she can help them, but Lem ambushes them. He reveals that Mona is a hired gun for Woden, with orders to kill Lem and Max. Lem murders Gognitti, shoots Max and leaves him for dead. Mona rescues Max, and together, they go to Woden's mansion to save him from Lem.[5]
At the mansion, Mona knocks Max to the ground in an attempt to follow her orders to kill him, but discovers that her feelings for him keep her from doing so. Lem then shoots Mona, after realizing that she will not kill Max. Woden confronts Lem, who shoots him to death in the ensuing struggle. Max and Lem then fight while the mansion burns around them. Eventually, Lem is killed and Max returns to Mona's side as the police arrive, and she dies in his arms.[5] In an alternate ending unlocked on the highest difficulty, Mona survives her wound, and the two share a kiss.


[346] GameTitle : 2064: Read Only Memories
The game's plot is set during the Christmas season in 2064 in Neo-San Francisco, California. Parallax has created a line of products called "Relationship and Organizational Managers" (ROMs), a line of personal assistant robots that have overtaken smartphones and computers. The player takes on the role of a journalist trying to track down their kidnapped friend and Parallax engineer Hayden Webber. They are aided by Turing, who is Hayden's creation and the world's first sapient machine, a self-modifying robot that can learn and grow emotionally.
In the early morning of December 21, Turing (Melissa Hutchison) breaks into the journalist's apartment and reveals that Hayden has been kidnapped by unknown assailants. The two embark on a search and are assisted by locals TOMCAT (a hacker and associate of Hayden's), Lexi Rivers (a police detective), and Jess Meas (an attorney). Turing and the journalist are assaulted during a search of Hayden's apartment, and end up meeting Doctor Yannick Fairlight (Adam Harrington), who is the disgruntled former CEO of Parallax. After his lead to activist group The Human Revolution turns up empty, TOMCAT performs a search on Parallax's network and uncovers encrypted security camera footage showing Hayden being murdered.
Turing is shaken but declares to dispense justice and uncover who is responsible. The story then splits depending on which lead the player follows. In the Media arc, suspicious tampering with news articles leads to a string of connected murders in journalism. In the Flower arc, more information about Hayden is delivered by Vincent Mensah (Xavier Woods), a Parallax engineer fleeing the country. It is learned that the news tampering was being done by the rogue Baby Blue program, an AI created by Parallax that would feed on every user's personal data through their ROMs and tailor search results for them. Parallax intended to shut down Baby Blue, but it is hiding on the integrated meshnet that all ROMs use, and Vincent reveals that a larger and more sinister AI called Big Blue is about to launch on Christmas Day.
Rather than intervene to solely shut down the AI, Turing, the journalist, and TOMCAT plot to upload Turing's original source code, written by Hayden and adapted by Turing's processes, to the meshnet using the Big Blue program, essentially granting the self-modifying sapience to all ROMs worldwide. During the mission into Parallax's server farm (carried out by the journalist, Turing, Lexi Rivers, and Dr. Fairlight's assistant Leon Dekker), Dekker incapacitates Lexi and reveals himself to be a combat android. He attempts to stop the protagonist's plan, to preserve Big Blue's power and manipulate Fairlight back onto the Parallax board, but is killed by Turing.
Dependent on whether the player successfully captured Turing's source code and the status of the player's relationship with Turing, the game splits into four endings. In the All Good Things ending, Turing successfully overrides Big Blue and all ROMs download the patch in the morning, attaining the same level of sapience as Turing. If this ending is achieved, the game continues into a bonus endless post-game chapter. In The Sacrifice ending, the group accomplishes the same goal of sapience for all ROMs, but Turing's hardware was too badly damaged by Dekker in the previous fight and Turing dies after the upload process. In A New Blue, Turing is disgruntled by the player's poor treatment and reveals their own plot before the upload. Turing transfers their personality complex to Big Blue instead, leaving their physical form lifeless and granting themselves omnipotence on the meshnet, severing ties with the humans who they aligned with before. In Complicity, Turing is unconvinced that they're doing the right thing and afraid to die for the cause, canceling the mission at the last moment and leaving the player to live with TOMCAT.


[348] GameTitle : Five Nights at Freddy's 2
Set in 1987, the player character, whose name is later revealed to be Jeremy Fitzgerald, has started working as a night watch security guard at the improved Freddy Fazbear's Pizza.[8] As he did in the previous game, a certain Freddy Fazbear's Pizza employee calls Jeremy on the phone in the office at the beginning of each night to explain both gameplay and parts of the backstory surrounding the restaurant. He explains that the "new" (at the time) animatronics, which have special facial recognition software to protect the children from potential harm, were not programmed with a proper night mode; when things go silent, their programming tells them that they are in the wrong room and they seek out the nearest source of noise to find people to entertain, which happens to be in the office.[9]
As in the previous game, the animatronics' programming tells them that there should not be people in the restaurant after hours, so when they encounter Jeremy, they believe he is an animatronic endoskeleton without a costume and stuff him into a spare Freddy Fazbear suit, killing him in the process.[10] The man on the phone explains that this restaurant has an unlimited power source at night, unlike the previous location, but there are no doors blocking access to the office, requiring the player to use a spare Freddy Fazbear mask to trick most animatronics into thinking he is not an endoskeleton; he gives additional tips to help the player survive their shift.[10] As more enemy characters appear as the game progresses, the man on the phone informs Jeremy of the characters' presence, their movement patterns, and some background information on their presence in the game.[11] For example, the man on the phone explains that the older animatronics are in the new restaurant, and have been retrofitted with the new technology, but as they did not work properly they are kept for spare parts.[12]
As the game progresses, it is hinted that something is going on during the day, as the man on the phone mentions that rumors are going around and, later, that a police investigation is going on regarding the restaurant. It is hinted in Atari-styled minigames that the restaurant has had a troubled past, as it was apparently the location of a mass murder in which five children were killed by a someone portrayed as a purple-colored man.[13] On the game's fifth night, Jeremy is informed by the man on the phone that the restaurant has been put on lock-down due to an event that he will not describe but which is in place to make sure no employees, present or former, can come in or go out. The man also mentions that the position of the restaurant's day shift security has a vacancy and Jeremy may be promoted to it, and that the owner of the older restaurant named "Fredbear's Family Diner" will be contacted for more information on the animatronics.[14] On the sixth night, the man on the phone informs Jeremy that the restaurant has been shut down for undisclosed reasons, although mentioning the use of a "spare yellow suit" and an issue of the animatronics not functioning properly.[15] He also tells Jeremy that he will be taking over as night shift security guard when the restaurant reopens. If Jeremy is successful in surviving the sixth night, he is promoted to day shift to cover a birthday party on the next day to make sure the animatronics do not cause any problems.
In the custom night level, Jeremy is replaced by a new player character named Fritz Smith due to Jeremy's promotion. If the player manages to win the custom night, they discover Fritz has been fired for "tampering with the animatronics" and "odor", a call back to the previous game's custom level message. A newspaper that is shown in the winning screen of the sixth night says that the restaurant will close down and the newer animatronics will be scrapped; however, the older ones will be saved for when the restaurant reopens, hinting at the events of the first game. There is a theory that the scrapping of the toy animatronics and the Bite of 87 are linked in some way.


[351] GameTitle : Sakura Angels
Sakura Spirit follows the story of Gushiken Takahiro, a 17-year-old boy who aspires to become the #1 judo contender to represent Japan. After growing up to be a standout, soon he is a few weeks before a tournament giving him the chance to represent Japan. Becoming nervous, Takahiro follows advice from his friends and finds a temple hidden in the woods rumoured to contain spiritual power. After he begins to pray for good luck in his upcoming match, he meets a spirit telling him that he is to play a vital part to the road ahead to improving himself as a warrior, and is transported to a different world,[3] where he runs into several different fox girls.[2] Takahiro soon realizes that he has he been sent back to feudal Japan, that is also populated by spirits.[1]
Takahiro soon learns that the fox girls are not trusted by the humans in the village, as a result of a dispute between the humans and the girls. The game's plot focuses on Takahiro helping to bridge the divide between the humans and the spirits, while spending some personal time with the girls and trying to find his way back home.[1]


[352] GameTitle : LIGHTNING RETURNS: FINAL FANTASY XIII
500 years after the events of Final Fantasy XIII-2, Lightning was awaken from crystal stasis by the god Bhunivelze. The world is set to end in 13 days, and to this end Lightning is made the savior, a figure who will free the souls of humanity from the burdens on their hearts and guide them to a new world that Bhunivelze will create once the 13 days are up.[50] Lightning agrees to commit this task, on the condition that Bhunivelze ensure the rebirth of Serah's spirit.[51] Hope acts as her guide from the Ark, which houses the rescued souls of humanity. Bhunivelze chose him and changed his physical form to his 14-year-old self from XIII.[52] As she journeys and performs her task, she encounters her former allies and adversaries, many of whom now carry heavy emotional burdens. She is also followed about by Lumina, who both gives her advice and taunts her at regular intervals.
In Luxerion, Lightning investigates a series of murders where all the victims match the physical description of the savior. During her journey, she is followed by Noel, who has become obsessed with a prophecy that he must kill Lightning to realize a better world and reunite with Yeul.[53] The two briefly ally to rout the Children of Etro, responsible for the murders, then later do battle. Lightning uses Noel's rage to make him realize and accept his mistakes, lifting his burden. After this, she meets up with Vanille in the Order's cathedral. Vanille shows Lightning a place within the cathedral where the souls of the dead have gathered. Vanille is being prepared for a ritual to take place on the final day that will apparently purify the souls. She hopes to atone for past actions by doing so.[54]
In the Dead Dunes, Lightning encounters Fang and goes with her on a journey through the region's dungeons in search of a relic called the Holy Clavis. When they find it, Fang reveals the reason she left Vanille: In order to prevent the ritual in Luxerion, as the clavis has the power to draw in the souls of the dead, killing Vanille in the process.[55] Fang attempts to destroy the relic, but the forces of the Order arrive and take the clavis, with Fang following in pursuit.
In the Wildlands, Lightning saves a white chocobo called the "Angel of Valhalla" from monsters and nurses it back to health. The chocobo is revealed to be Odin, one of the Eidolon race who acted as her ally in XIII.[56] She encounters Sazh, whose son Dajh has fallen into a coma and become unwilling to wake because of his father's current state.[57] Lightning retrieves the fragments of Dajh's soul, lifting Sazh's emotional burden and waking his son. Traveling to the ruins of Valhalla, Lightning encounters Caius and multiple versions of Yeul. After fighting with Caius, Lightning learns that he has become tied to life by the Yeuls and thus cannot be saved.[58] She also learns that it was Yeul's perpetual rebirth that caused the Chaos to seep into the mortal world and trigger the events of XIII-2.[59]
In Yusnaan, Lightning infiltrates Snow's palace and finds him preparing to enter a concentration of Chaos contained inside the palace. He plans to absorb the Chaos, transform into a Cie'th, and have Lightning kill him. Though he performs the act and they fight, Lightning manages to renew his hope of seeing Serah again, reverse his transformation and lift his burden.[60]
On the eleventh day, the souls of the dead speak to Lightning through the visage of Cid Raines, a man Lightning encountered during XIII.[61] He tells her that the Order has deceived Vanille and plans to sacrifice her to destroy the dead, so the living will forget their existence and be 'purified' for rebirth in the new world. Realizing that completing it results in Serah would never reborn, Lightning decides to stop the ritual, though Cid warns her that she will be defying Bhunivelze's will.[62]
On Nova Chrysalia's final day, Hope reveals to Lightning that Bhunivelze used him to watch over Lightning and that the deity will dispose of him now that his task is completed.[63] After Hope disappears, Lightning is transported to Luxerion and enters the cathedral, where Noel, Snow and Fang help her fight the Order to save Vanille. Lightning manages to convince her to free the souls of the dead.[64] This act allows Lightning to find Serah's soul, kept hidden inside Lumina to keep it safe, but Bhunivelze arrives using Hope as his host and captures everyone but Lightning.[65] Transported to an otherworldly realm, Lightning meets Bhunivelze in person, and learns his true agenda: that he has been planning to make Lightning took Etro's place as the Goddess of Death. Now that Lightning prevents the ritual, he plans to destroy the new world and made another one, with those lived on it to be by his image.[66] The two battle, and after wounding the god in battle, she frees Hope from Bhunivelze's influence and prepares to become the new goddess and protects the new world by trapping herself and Bhunivelze in the Unseen Realm.[67] An illusion of Serah then confronts Lightning, revealing Lumina as the physical manifestation of Lightning's suppressed vulnerabilities.[68] Accepting Lumina as a part of herself, Lightning calls for aid. Hope, Snow, Noel, Vanille, Fang and the Eidolons answer her call, and they sever Bhunivelze's hold on the souls of humanity, including Sazh, Dajh, Mog, and a revived Serah. The souls then unite and defeat Bhunivelze, ending his reign once and for all. In the aftermath, Caius and the multiple versions of Yeul choose to remain in the Unseen Realm and protect the balance between worlds in Etro's stead.[69] The final incarnation of Yeul, who alone wishes for a new life, is allowed to accompany Lightning and her friends.[70] After the Eidolons and Mog depart for the Unseen Realm, Lightning, her allies, and the souls of humanity travel to a new world, which turns out to be Earth. A final monologue by Lightning states that the crystal age is now a legend, and "it ended before you were born".
In a post-credits scene, Lightning is seen in normal clothes arriving in a rural town, going to reunite with one of her friends.[2][71][72]


[357] GameTitle : Tales of Zestiria
Tales of Zestiria takes place on a fictional continent named Glenwood.[28] Glenwood is set in the middle of an ocean-dominated world, sharing its setting with Tales of Berseria, the latter being set in the distant past of Zestiria's world.[29] Glenwood is divided between two warring countries: the Hyland Kingdom, which is ruled by a constitutional monarchy, and the Rolance Empire.[14][28] Existing independently are multiple Guilds, who readily profit from the conflict and encompass multiple professions from transportation to goods manufacture to assassination.[17] Throughout the land, an impurity known as "malevolence" generated by the negative emotions of humanity periodically transforms the living, the dead and even inanimate objects into monsters called the Hellion,[Jp. 3][30] who pose a threat to the world.[31][32] Along with humans, one of the main races of the world is the Seraphim,[Jp. 4][30] supernatural humanoids and animals who can only interact with humans with sufficient resonance in them.[31] Though once an abundant people in Glenwood, the Seraphim have become scarce.[22] The people of the world call those who interact with the Seraphim "Shepherds",[Jp. 5] and they are both hailed as saviors and feared because of their power. The Shepherds have frequently appeared during times of crisis, and have entered into common folklore along with the Seraphim.[28] Seraphim can also form contracts between themselves, with one dominant figure called a "Prime Lord" and a number of partners called "Sub Lords" who act as supports for them.[22] The game tells the story of the Shepherds during the "Era of Chaos", when the Hellion are running rampant across Glenwood, attacking both the countryside and cities.[32] Dragons play an important role in both the world lore and main story arc, but do not follow their traditional representation as beings of good and evil or symbolic creatures; rather, they are actually Seraphim who are corrupted by [the aforementioned] malevolence.[8][20][33]
Story[edit]


Play media


Trailer introducing Sorey


The game begins with a young human called Sorey and his friend Mikleo, a Seraph of water exploring some nearby ruins when they rescue a human girl, Alisha, and bring her back home in the village of Elysia. Once Alisha departs back home, Sorey and Mikleo have a short clash with a Hellion called Lunarre and fearing for her safety, they decide to leave the village in search for her. While looking for Alisha's whereabouts, Sorey has an encounter with Lailah, a Seraph of fire known as the Lady of the Lake, who makes a pact as his Prime Lord, granting him the power to purify the Hellions and making him a Shepherd. After Sorey reunites with Alisha, who is revealed to be a princess to the Hyland Kingdom, she becomes his "Squire" to fight the Hellions by his side, and the party starts traveling the continent purifying the Hellions and searching for the main source of the malevolence that plagues the land into an Era of Chaos, the individual known as the "Lord of Calamity". During their travels Sorey and the others have a short encounter with Zaveid, a rogue Seraph of wind who hunts down Hellions on his own accord, and befriend Edna, an earth Seraph who also joins the party. However, Alisha's low resonance with the Seraphim takes a toll on Sorey's body and she is forced to leave the group.
When a war between Hyland and the neighboring Rolance Empire breaks out, Alisha is used by Hyland's military as a leverage to force Sorey and his friends to take part in a battle. During the skirmish, Heldalf, the Lord of Calamity himself, appears before Sorey and he is almost killed, being rescued in the nick of time by an assassin called Rose. After recovering, Sorey learns that there are four shrines with trials that a Shepherd must accomplish in order to become stronger and decides that he must clear them first before challenging Heldalf again. During his journeys, it is discovered that Rose has a high level of resonance and she becomes Sorey's Squire, joining the party along Dezel, a Seraph of wind who was guarding Rose as part of a secret agenda. After the party completes the four trials, they fall into a trap by Symonne, a fallen Seraph who works under Heldalf. It is then revealed that Dezel's true objective was to enact revenge on Symonne for causing the death of his friend and disgracing Rose's guild. Rose is severely wounded during the battle, forcing Dezel to sacrifice himself in order to protect her, and Zaveid joins the party afterwards.
Sorey and his friends then confront Heldalf again, but figure out that something is amiss as he does not show any intention to kill them immediately, as after failing to provoke Sorey, Heldalf attempts to convince him to join his side: this prompts the party to retreat and look for the true reason behind his motives before their final confrontation. It is revealed that the Era of Chaos was initiated when the previous Shepherd turned Heldalf, a Rolance military general at a time, into a cursed immortal being by infusing him with the fallen Seraph Maotelus when he refused to provide aid to his village when it was invaded: this filled his life with hatred and turned him into the Lord of Calamity. It was also revealed that two infants from the village, Sorey and Mikleo, were saved and taken in to be raised with the Seraphim. With the truth revealed and understood, the Shepherd and his comrades take on Heldalf once again and defeat him once and for all, turning Heldalf back into his human self and Sorey finally ending his life, giving him the peace he craved. Sorey then merges with Maotelus to expel the malevolence from the world and usher in a new era, where both the Seraphim and humans finally live together peacefully. In a post-credits sequence, a future Mikleo is shown exploring some ruins, and is saved from a fall by a reawakened Sorey.
Main characters[edit]


Play media


Launch trailer introducing the main characters



Sorey (スレイ, Surei)[8] is a human raised by the Seraphim. Because of his upbringing, he possesses high levels of resonance, allowing him to interact with the Seraphim. Due to becoming a Shepherd after entering into a pact with Lailah, Sorey holds the power to purify the Hellion.[34] In battle, he wields a sword and is capable of Armatization.[18][31] Sorey is designed by Kōsuke Fujishima and voiced by Ryōhei Kimura in Japanese.[31][35] In the English version, he is voiced by Robbie Daymond except a few episodes in Zesteria the X in which Robbie was ill and was voiced by Bryce Papenbrook.[36]
Mikleo (ミクリオ, Mikurio)[37] is the Seraph aligned with the element of Water, and Sorey's childhood best friend.[38] He acts as a contrast to Sorey, being cool and considerate, but because of this he has a very strong bond of friendship with him.[39] Mikleo fights with a long Earth-based staff and Water-based seraphic artes. He is designed by Mutsumi Inomata and voiced by Ryōta Ōsaka in Japanese. In the English version, he is voiced by Michael Johnston.[40]
Rose (ロゼ, Roze, Rosé in Japanese) is a young human woman who joins Sorey's quest, originally seen as a member of the "Sparrowfeathers"[Jp. 6] merchant's guild. Although possessing high levels of resonance similar to Sorey, an incident in her youth removed her ability to see the Seraphim until she becomes a "Squire" to Sorey.[41] During gameplay, she fights using twin daggers and is capable of Armatization.[42] Officially, she is classified as a playable accompanying character, as opposed to accompanying NPCs such as Claire Bennett in Tales of Rebirth.[43] Rose is designed by Fujishima and voiced by Mikako Komatsu in Japanese.[6] In the English version, she is voiced by Caitlin Glass.[44]
Alisha Diphda (アリーシャ・ディフダ, Arīsha Difuda)[37] is a princess to the Hyland Kingdom. Due to her mother's low status and the decreasing importance of the kingdom's monarchy, she is treated poorly by the royal family, and decides to become a knight. While initially unable to see and interact with the Seraphim as Sorey can, she enters a pact with him to become a "Squire", a servant of the Shepherd with limited magic and the ability to see the Seraphim.[14][45] Due to conflicting loyalties and patriotism, and negative effects on Sorey due to lacking resonance within her that is taking its toll on Sorey, she leaves the party early in the story.[46][47] Alisha wields a long spear in battle.[31] She is designed by Okumura and voiced by Ai Kayano in Japanese.[31][35] In the English version, she is voiced by Alexis Tipton.[48]
Lailah (ライラ, Raira)[8] is a Seraph aligned with the element of Fire. She acts as a tutor to Sorey, and forms a pact with him when he wishes to become a Shepherd. Lailah becomes a Prime Lord to Mikleo, Edna and Dezel/Zaveid as Sub Lords, being the senior member of the partnership.[49] Though she is knowledgeable, she is prone to delusional outbursts if provoked.[34] Lailah fights with book pages and Fire-based seraphic artes.[50] She is designed by Inomata and voiced in Japanese by Miyu Matsuki in the game and by Noriko Shitaya in the anime.[34] In the English version, she is voiced by Carrie Keranen.[51]
Edna (エドナ, Edona)[37]: Edna is a Seraph aligned with the element of Earth. While she has a pretty and petite exterior, she has a cold personality and has a hatred for humans. However, when it comes to her brother, she is prone to outbursts of emotion.[52] Edna uses her parasol in combat and utilizes Earth-based seraphic artes.[35] She is designed by Minoru Iwamoto and voiced by Misato Fukuen in Japanese.[35] In the English version, she is voiced by Kira Buckland.[53]
Dezel (デゼル, Dezeru)[37] is a Seraph aligned with the element of Wind. Working in secret among the human population, he seeks vengeance against the Hellion after they killed a close friend. He is also considered an outlaw by the humans and the Seraphim. Dezel uses whip-like pendulums and Wind-based seraphic artes in battle.[50] He is designed by Daigo Okumura and voiced by Daisuke Ono in Japanese.[25][54] In the English version, he is voiced by Chris Niosi.[55]
Zaveid (ザビーダ, Zabīda, pronounced "Zaveed")[8] is a Seraph also aligned with the element of Wind. Though he also fights the Hellion, he is generally a prankster and shares some form of connection with Dezel, he is also dangerous due to his uncertain allegiance and his willingness to fight Sorey. Zaveid fights with whip-like pendulums and Wind-based seraphic artes too.[56] The character is designed by Iwamoto and voiced by Kenjiro Tsuda in Japanese.[57][58] In the English version, he is voiced by Ian Sinclair.[59] He makes an appearance in the prequel, Tales of Berseria, where he comes across the party of that game several times.



[363] GameTitle : The Sexy Brutale
Lafcadio Boone, a preacher, wakes up during the yearly party, called The Sexy Brutale, that Lucas Bondes hosts in his casino mansion. A mysterious woman, called the Bloody Girl, has given Boone a mask that has ripped him out of an ongoing time loop that the rest of the other party members are stuck in over a 12 hour period, reliving their deaths over and over again. She has also given Boone a broken watch, that when the timer reaches the hour of 5, the day resets. Boone's task is to save the other party goers from their gruesome deaths before they happen by learning different ways over the 12 hour period by discovering clues, recipes, or items. The first man he saves, Sixpence, takes the watch and fixes it so that the full 12 hours of the day become available. Boone then sets out to prevent the other deaths. Upon saving these other party goers, they remove their masks, talk to Boone to show they know the him in some way, and then he takes the masks, absorbing the powers they hold and further giving him the means to save the other members and advance in the mansion. As Boone continues, the story starts to unfold itself, eventually running into a villainous character called The Gold Skull, a man in a golden skull mask seemingly content on letting the actions play out and seems to know Boone.


[367] GameTitle : Vampire: The Masquerade - Redemption
In 1141 in Prague, crusader Christof Romuald is wounded in battle. He recovers in a church, where he is cared for by a nun called Anezka. The pair instantly fall in love but are restrained by their commitments to God. Christof enters a nearby silver mine to kill a monstrous Tzimisce vampire who is tormenting the city. Christof's victory is noted by the local vampires, one of whom, Ecaterina the Wise, turns him into a vampire to prevent another clan from taking him.[25]
Initially defiant, Christof agrees to accompany Ecaterina's servant Wilhem on a mission to master his new vampiric abilities. Afterwards, he meets with Anezka and refuses to taint her with his cursed state. At Ecaterina's haven, the Brujah tell Christof about an impending war between the Tremere and Tzimisce clans that will devastate humans caught up in it. Wilhem and Christof gain the favor of the local Jews and Cappadocians, who devote their member Serena to the Brujah cause. The Ventrue prince Brandl tells the group that in Vienna, the Tremere are abducting humans to turn them into ghouls—servitors addicted and empowered by Vampire blood. The group infiltrate the Tremere chantry in Prague, and stop the Gangrel Erik from being turned into a Gargoyle, and he joins them. Christof learns that Anezka, seeking Christof's redemption, has visited the Tremere and Tzimisce clans, and the Vienna Tremere stronghold, Haus de Hexe. There, the Tremere leader Etrius turns Erik into a Gargoyle, forcing Christof to kill him. Etrius reveals that the Tzimisce abducted Anezka.
Returning to Prague, Christof finds the Tzimisce in nearby Vyšehrad Castle have been revealed to the humans, who have launched an assault on the structure. Christof, Wilhem, and Serena infiltrate the castle and find that the powerful, slumbering Vukodlak has enslaved Anezka as a ghoul. Anezka rejects Christof and prepares to revive Vukodlak, but the outside assault collapses the castle upon them.
In 1999, the Society of Leopold excavates the site of Vyšehrad Castle; they recover Christof's body and take it to London, where he is awoken by a female voice. He learns that the events at Vyšehrad and the resulting human uprising divided the vampires into two sects: the Camarilla who seek to hide from humanity and the Sabbat who seek to regain dominion over it. The Society's excavation also enables Vukodlak's followers to recover Vyšehrad.[41] After escaping, Christof meets Pink, who agrees to help him. They learn that the Setite clan has been shipping Vyšehrad contraband to New York City and infiltrate a Setite brothel to gain information. They kill the Setite leader Lucretia and recruit Lily, an enslaved prostitute.[22]
Christof, Pink, and Lily travel to New York City aboard a contraband ship, rescue the Nosferatu Samuel from the Sabbat, and infiltrate a warehouse storing the Vyšehrad contraband. There they encounter Wilhem, who is now a Sabbat under Ecaterina following the collapse of their group.[42] Wilhem reveals that Pink is an assassin working for Vukodlak.[21] Pink escapes and Wilhem rejoins Christof, hoping to reclaim the humanity he has sacrificed during the previous 800 years.[43] Together, Christof, Wilhem, Lily, and Samuel discover that Vukodlak is hidden beneath a church within his Cathedral of Flesh and that Anezka is still in his servitude. In the cathedral they find that Vukodlak has awoken; he tries to influence Christof by offering him Anezka then revealing that she is completely dependent on Vukodlak's blood and will die without him.[44] Christof refuses and Vukodlak drops the group into tunnels beneath the cathedral. Christof finds the Wall of Memories, which hold Anezka's memories of the last millennia, showing she continued to hope as Vukodlak found new ways to defile and torment her. She eventually sacrificed her innocence to gain Vukodlak's trust, using her position to delay his resurrection over hundreds of years until, with no options left, she prayed for Christof's return.[45][46] The group returns to the Cathedral and battles Vukodlak.
The ending of Redemption varies depending upon on the quantity of humanity Christof has retained during the game. If the quantity is great, Christof reconciles with Anezka and turns her into a vampire, sparing her from death.[47] If his humanity is moderate, he surrenders to Vukodlak and becomes a ghoul; Vukodlak betrays Christof and forces him to murder Anezka.[48] A lesser quantity of humanity results in Christof killing Vukodlak by drinking his blood. Greatly empowered, Christof forsakes his humanity, murders Anezka, and revels in his new power.[49]


[369] GameTitle : Tattletail
The game takes place from December 20–25, 1998. The player wakes up on December 20 to open their Christmas present early. The present is the new fad toy, Talking Tattletail. After playing with the toy briefly (which involves feeding and grooming while charging it periodically), the player puts it back in its box and goes back to bed. The next night the player finds the same Tattletail in the tumble dryer, with no indication of how they got there.
On Night 3, the player encounters the contents of an old nursery in the basement. In the corner sits the now-recalled Mama Tattletail, along with a cassette tape which can be played using the toy. The tape contains a snippet from a story in a read-along style, including prompts to "turn the page", about how "the children thought that Mama would never find them as long as she couldn't see them" but Mama found them nevertheless. After finding the Baby Tattletail, it asks to be taken to Mama. The player returns to the spot only to find that Mama has disappeared. During each of the remaining nights leading up to Christmas Day, the player is awakened by Tattletail's mounting mischief and demands, including a game of hide-and-seek with a yellow Baby Talking Tattletail. All the while, Mama Tattletail hunts down the player relentlessly.
On Night 4, after a lengthy hide-and-seek session with another Baby Tattletail, the player finds a VHS tape; it shows several interchangeable camera feeds from what can only be assumed to be a Tattletail commercial (which is actually footage from the trailer). After some time, some of the camera feeds' names turn red, the lighting changes from blue to green, and trash bags and obscured parts of inanimate or writhing human bodies appear.
On Christmas Eve, Baby Tattletail invites the player to the basement to join a "party" with a yellow and blue baby talking Tattletail, and two more that the player must fetch. After the player gets those, they must get some supplies from upstairs, such as lights, cupcakes and candles. The player then finds out that the Talking Tattletails made a pentagram out of the Christmas lights with the VHS tape in the middle, and have begun chanting in what seems to be a seance. After rewinding the VHS tape, Mama appears and steals the candles, and the player must find them in vases scattered around the basement. Once the seance reaches its climax, the tape begins to levitate, at which point the player must destroy it. The seance ends, and the player can go back to bed.
On Christmas Day, the ending of the game depends on whether the player has collected all 22 eggs laid out across the game: If the player fails to collect all 22 eggs, the player will obtain the bad ending; where the box under the Christmas tree is empty, and Mama Tattletail kills the player (implying that the ritual has failed), ending the game and rolling the credits. The good ending occurs if the player collects all 22 eggs, they open their gift on Christmas Day, which is revealed to be the same Baby Talking Tattletail the player retrieved when opening their present early. The Talking Tattletail will then proceed to give the player a series of gifts such as its birth tag and a golden flashlight. The player will then need to open the door of their mother's room and wake her up, which triggers a white screen. The game ends with the Talking Tattletail saying "Thank you", along with the player's mother yawning.
The Kaleidoscope DLC[edit]
In the free Kaleidoscope DLC, the player awakens on Christmas Day to find their present, the purple baby talking Tattletail; however, it looks slightly different, and talks in a bored monotone voice, and then glitches out. At the front door, the player finds a package and an anonymous letter claiming that Tattletail "wasn't like this" and "this isn't how it happened at all". Throughout the plot, the player is gradually taken back in time night after night and has to play through each night again in reverse order, with the events and circumstances of the nights being similar, however markedly different than as of the main game, with Mama being a friendly caring character. Each night "ends" with a letter explaining that something went wrong, and the final letter explains that a place called the Kaleidoscope, where all memories are stored, is what's causing the changes. The player is then offered the choice to go back to bed, or enter the Kaleidoscope to retrieve their memories - going to bed results in the "bad" ending in which Tattletail will stay boring forever.
Entering the Kaleidoscope, the environment looks like a glitched, warped version of the house lit in a bluish tint, and the further the player goes, the more glitcher it is, eventually finding a VHS tape with a letter saying that it must be played to restore the player's memories back; the tape contains a duller, less spectacular version of the Tattletail TV advert. Once the tape is done playing, night one is repeated, with Tattletail restored to its cheery self. As the player is about to leave with Tattletail, it tells a joke, but is interrupted by Mama and the player is transported back to the Kaleidoscope with Mama being aggressive again: This is the only place in the DLC where the original survival mechanics apply, as the player must traverse back to the entrance of the Kaleidoscope without being killed by Mama. After escaping, the player wakes up on Christmas Day again, and opens the gift. Once it's open, Tattletail gives the player a present with a final letter that says thanks, and Tattletail tells a joke again.


[370] GameTitle : Thimbleweed Park
FBI agents Ray and Reyes arrive at the town of Thimbleweed Park to investigate a murder. Their investigation leads them to several persons of interest: Chuck, the recently deceased owner of the PillowTronics robotics company; Ransome the Clown, cursed to wear his makeup forever after going too far in his insulting performances; Delores, computer programmer and niece of Chuck; and Delores's downtrodden father Franklin.
Franklin attempts to pitch his business ideas to Chuck, but is murdered at the town hotel and becomes a ghost. Delores discovers that Chuck has written her out of his will, angered by her choice to pursue a career in video games. Ray and Reyes gather blood samples, fingerprints, and photographic evidence, and arrest vagrant Willy, who protests his innocence. They leave town, but return incognito to pursue their own agendas: Ray has been tasked with stealing computer secrets, and Reyes wants to clear his father of causing the fire that burnt down the PillowTronics factory.
Ray, Reyes, Delores and Ransome infiltrate the factory. Delores disables the security systems and discovers that Chuck has uploaded his personality into the factory computer. Chuck reveals that everyone in the town is trapped inside a video game, and that the group must free themselves by deleting the game.
Ransome apologises to the citizens of Thimbleweed Park, clearing his reputation. Franklin says goodbye to his daughter and disappears to the afterlife. In the local paper, Reyes publishes a confession from Chuck clearing his father of blame for the factory fire. Ray steals a game design document from game designer Ron Gilbert, and is transferred from the game. Delores enters the Thimbleweed Park "wireframe world", a prototype version of game with simplistic graphics, and shuts down the computer.


[372] GameTitle : Marvel's Guardians of the Galaxy: The Telltale Series
Peter Quill, AKA Star-Lord (Scott Porter) receives a distress-call from the Nova Corps, requesting the assistance of the Guardians of the Galaxy on an unidentified planet with an abandoned Kree outpost, where their forces are being decimated by the Mad Titan Thanos (Jake Hart). Arriving to reinforce the Nova Corps, the Guardians ship - the Milano - is shot down by Thanos' ship, causing it to crash-land on the planet. The Guardians survive and trek towards Thanos' location, with Rocket Raccoon (Nolan North) revealing he's constructed a new gun that can emit a highly powerful destructive force - at the cost of only having one shot. They discover Thanos has entered a large Kree building held shut by two metal doors, but Star-Lord is able to slip in through a fissure in the wall and blow it open from the inside using the canon from a crashed ship, finding the corpses of multiple Nova Corps members along the way. The Guardians then confront Thanos in the temple's lower chamber, who has obtained an ancient artifact called the Eternity Forge. The team struggles to defeat the tyrant and most become incapacitated, but Star-Lord manages to shoot Thanos in the chest with Rocket's new gun, successfully killing him. Star-Lord than takes the Eternity Forge from Thanos' hands, assuming it useless now that the danger has passed.
Following the battle, the Guardians celebrate their victory by spending the night at a bar in Knowhere, where Star-Lord interacts with his teammates now that their long-time foe is finally dead. He starts off with Drax the Destroyer (Brandon Paul Eells), who feels satisfied with Thanos' death as revenge for his family's murder by the mad tyrant. However, Rockets argue that Star-Lord was the one who killed Thanos with Groot (Adam Harrington) supporting him.

If Star-Lord tells Drax the Destroyer that he earned his revenge, he states to Drax that he killed the one responsible for his family's death, satisfying Drax's need to atone for his family's death.
If Star-Lord doesn't tell Drax the Destroyer that he earned his revenge, he reminds him that he used Rocket Raccoon's gun on Thanos. This causes Drax to state that he would've expected this from Rocket Raccoon or Groot, promptly leaving after stating that he is not in the mood to celebrate.

Star-Lord than finds Rocket trying to show off the gun that killed Thanos to some of the bar-goers, bragging about being the brains behind the operation. Upon Star-Lord interacting with him, Rocket confesses that he's starting to feel burnt out by their life of constant chaos and near-death experiences, wishing to take a break on his own for a bit and even wondering if it's time for him to go his own way now that the Guardians no longer have to deal with Thanos. Afterwords, Star-Lord speaks with Gamora, who admits a small part of her wants to see her sister Nebula again - despite how angry the latter will be at learning she helped kill their adoptive "father" Thanos.

If Star-Lord reminds Gamora that Nebula is still her sister, Gamora states that Star-Lord might be right and will consider calling her after a few more drinks. The two of them do a toast to family.
If Star-Lord tells Gamora to stay away from Nebula, he also tells Gamora that what Nebula doesn't know won't come back to kill them. Gamora states that it's a safe bet and wouldn't mind starting fresh. The two of them do a toast to moving on.

The next day, a hung-over Star-Lord wakes up to find the team amassed a large tab that they need to pay off and decide a good way to make money is to sell Thanos' body. Rocket suggests selling it to the Collector to get more credits, while Gamora thinks they should give the body to the Nova Corps so they don't have to deal with criminals. Both Gamora and Rocket Raccoon end up in an argument until Star-Lord breaks it up and that they will figure out who to sell Thanos' body to.

If Star-Lord calls the Nova Corps to sell Thanos' body to them, he tells the female representative about it and takes in their bounty on him. After the call, Rocket gets angry and states that they would've gotten more units off of the Collector. The Guardians of the Galaxy will receive less of a paycheck and because the bounty has to go through a process, the money won't come to them until at least half a year.
If Star-Lord calls the Collector to sell Thanos' body to him, he talks with the Collector's representative Vylla (Erin Yvette) due to the conditions of Thanos' body, but manages to get their large share of space credits after some negotiation. Before ending the transmission, Vylla tells Star-Lord to make sure the body is there when she arrives with some associates. Gamora frustratedly states they are going down a dangerous path in dealing with the Collector.

After making a decision on who to sell Thanos' body to, Star-Lord suggests also selling the Eternity Forge for more credits and goes to retrieve it from his room, but the artifact starts to glow when he picks it up. Falling into a trance, Star-Lord experiences a flashback in which his mother Meredith Quill (Courtenay Taylor) gives a young Peter Quill (Jeremy Shada) advice on how to deal with bullies after one broke his walkman cassette player and having him promise to use his words instead of his fists in the future.

If Peter Quill promises to use his words and not his fists, he tells his mother that he will. Meredith thanks her son. She also fixes Peter Quill's walkman as they listen to a song on it as a meteor shower occurs.
If Peter Quill can't hold on to that promise, he states that he doesn't know what will happen next time. Meredith tells Peter to try for her. She also fixes Peter Quill's walkman as they listen to a song on it as a meteor shower occurs.

As they watch the skies, Peter suddenly finds the Eternity Forge in his hands and hears his mother ask to "Come find me" - after which either Gamora or Rocket will snap Star-Lord out of it and tell him that he's been standing there for hours talking to the relic. Realizing the Eternity Forge isn't an inert trinket, Star-Lord decides not to sell it with Thanos' body.
After completing the trade of Thanos' body with whoever it was sold to, the team is attacked by Hala the Accuser (Faye Kingslee), her second-in-command Jyn-Xar (Chris Cox) and their small Kree army, demanding the Eternity Forge. During the chaotic battle, Hala manages to steal the Forge from Star-Lord and damage the Milano's engines before escaping back to the Kree's ship, the Revenant. Star-Lord than takes either Gamora or Drax with him in pursuit of Hala.

If Star-Lord takes Gamora, she states they'll make their way through the ship with as little conflict as possible. Drax the Destroyer tells Star-Lord to kill all the Kree for him - and that he won't forgive him if any are left alive.
If Star-Lord takes Drax the Destroyer with him, Drax the Destroyer states that he shall be a violent worthy ally. Gamora tells Star-Lord not let Drax do anything stupid.

Star-Lord and his teammate arrive on the Kree ship, only to discover it barely operational with only a skeleton crew aboard - and a large assortment of preserved Kree corpses in stasis pods. Making their way to the bridge, the pair confront Hala the Accuser and learn the Eternity Forge can supposedly raise the dead, with Hala planning to resurrect her son Bal-Dinn and the rest of the Kree race after they and their entire planet were destroyed by Thanos - which will apparently require numerous "sacrifices" to accomplish. Hala than impales Star-Lord with her lance and incapacitates his teammate, though Rocket manages to intervene with the repaired Milano and blow out the bridge's windows before she can finish them. Star-Lord manages to reclaim the Eternity Forge as it is sucked out into space, while his teammate grabs him and carries him back to the Milano. As the team argues amongst themselves in panic over what to do, Star-Lord succumbs to his injuries.
While near-death, Peter Quill relives attending his mother's funeral as a boy and how he was adopted by Yondu (Mark Barbolak), who visited him in the chapel and revealed that Meredith entrusted him to watch over Peter Quill.

If Peter trusts Yondu, he agrees to go along with Yondu who starts to show him his new home.
If Peter doesn't trust Yondu, this will cause Yondu to forcefully drag him to his new home.

Afterwards, the adult Peter finds himself hearing a knocking noise from his mother's casket and opens it, only to find his mother behind him. Placing her hand on his chest, Meredith tells Peter to come find her - while back in the present, the rest of the Guardians are left shocked as the Eternity Forge successfully heals Star-Lord's wound, bringing him back to life.
Under Pressure[edit]
After Star-Lord is revived, the rest of the Guardians are surprised and disbelieving at what the Eternity Forge did and thought he was possessed at first until he proves his identity. The Guardians are unsure on how the Eternity Forge could bring Star-Lord back to life, but Star-Lord can bring up how Hala mentioned the Forge could resurrect the Kree with enough "sacrifices" - allowing Drax the Destroyer to realize the Eternity Forge trades a life for a life, deducing it must absorbed Thanos' life-force when he died and than gave to Star-Lord to revive him. Just then, the Revenant catches up to the Milano, forcing them to take evasive maneuvers to escape. The Guardians suspect that Hala the Accuser plans on using the Eternity Forge to revive the dead Kree in her ship's stasis pods to create an unlimited army, re-establishing the Kree's empire. In order to lay low and for Rocket Racoon to fix the Milano, Star-Lord states that he knows someone who could help them out.
Heading to the planet Rajak in its Neon District, the Guardians arrive at a building where Star-Lord's surrogate father Yondu is living in seclusion. As Star-Lord introduces everyone to Yondu, he witnesses Rocket point his gun at Yondu, stating that he doesn't trust Ravagers. Yondu then has his telekinetic arrow pointed at Rocket in a tense stalemate.

If Star-Lord asks Rocket what he is planning to do, Rocket states that Yondu's house is already a garbage heap as Star-Lord tells him not to blow Yondu and everyone inside to pieces.
If Star-Lord advises Yondu to put his arrow away, he also tells Yondu that Rocket has been sensitive that everyone is out to kill them. Yondu states that he can add them to the list.

Regardless of the choice, the two of them than start to laugh with Yondu revealing the two know each-other rather well, having been buying stuff from Rocket for years. After catching up, Star-Lord shows Yondu the Eternity Forge in hopes of learning more about it. When both of them touch the Eternity Forge, Star-Lord again flashes back to his childhood, where Meredith Quill tells the young Peter that he is meant for more of this life, claiming that he is going to save the galaxy, kill Thanos and change everything - something that surprises Peter as Meredith is describing things she wasn't even there to see. Meredith than asks Peter to sit with her and observe the stars.

If Peter sits by his mother, he does so for just a minute.
If Peter doesn't sit by his mother, he claims that he is cool where he is.

As the two of them stare at the stars, Peter notices an hourglass-like constellation with the same shape as the Eternity Forge, with a series of patterns appearing across it that he doesn't recognize. Turning around, Peter realizes his mother is no longer there as he again hears call to "Come find me, Peter." After the flashback ends, Yondu comments that it's been decades since he has seen Meredith's face and the two wonder how she could be connected to the Eternity Forge. As Star-Lord looks over the relic again, glyphs appear over it's surface that Gamora identifies as part of an ancient Kree language. While she can't translate it, Gamora thinks that Nebula might be able to, as the latter had taken something with similar markings for Thanos - though first they would have to find her and convince her to help, before Hala finds her.
As Yondu goes to obtain a device that would help repair the Milano, Rocket steps outside and Star-Lord goes to check up on him. As both of them go over what little they understand about the Eternity Forge's capabilities thus far, Rocket reveals that he hopes it can help him with someone he lost. Even though Rocket states he knows that Nebula is the top priority, he tells Star-Lord that they have to stop at Halfworld first so that, if nothing else, he can at least try to use the Eternity Forge. However, Gamora soon after reveals she's found out Nebula (Ashly Burch) has taken Thanos' ship and intends to recover his corpse from whoever the Guardians gave it to - if sold to the Collector, Nebula will be threatening the attendant within his museum for information on Star-Lord, before he and Gamora make their presence known; if sold to the Nova Corps, she will hijack one of their ships and make off with the body on Thanos' vessel, forcing the Milano into a space battle to capture Nebula before the Nova Corps kill her.

If Star-Lord agrees to help Rocket, he tells the rest of the Guardians and Yondu that they will be making a detour to Halfworld. While displeased, Gamora reluctantly agrees to take the detour as Yondu warns Star-Lord to be careful with the newly-repaired Milano. On Halfworld, Star-Lord and Rocket arrive outside the abandoned laboratory where Rocket was created, arriving at a grave that Rocket tries to use the Eternity Forge on. When that fails, Gamora tells Star-Lord that Nebula is tearing apart the place where Thanos' body is being held. By the time the Guardians catch up to Nebula and subdue her, she will have already secured Thanos' body and sent it to a place where she assures he'll receive a proper burial.
If Star-Lord doesn't agree to help Rocket, he tells Rocket that he wishes they could help but must find Nebula first. Rocket is not pleased with the answer and states that he will find his own way to get there. After Yondu fixes the Milano, Star-Lord tells Yondu that Rocket isn't here when asked for him to fire up the engines - only for the group to witness Rocket taking off in Yondu's ship, much to Yondu's dismay. Star-Lord reveals Rocket is going to Halfworld to take care of something as Yondu warns him to keep his group in line. Deciding to catch up with Rocket after they capture Nebula, the Guardians manage to intercept and capture Nebula before off before she can recover Thanos' body. Upon catching up to Rocket on Halfworld, Star-Lord is bitterly told by Rocket that he had his chance to help him and that the Forge didn't work.

In either case, when Star-Lord arrives on Halfworld and touches the Eternity Forge on Rocket Raccoon's hand after it fails to work for him, he suddenly experiences a flashback of Rocket Raccoon's past regarding his creation. In it, Rocket is placed in a cage across from the otter Lylla (Fryda Wolff) as the two of them plan their escape. As Rocket assembles a device to help them, he finds information that the scientists are going to eliminate Lylla. Unfortunately, as the two of them evade the robots, Rocket finds that one of the machines managed to land a lethal injection on Lylla. After sealing in the scientist (Chris Cox) and the robots, Lylla opens the doors as she plans to take some of them down with her before the lethal injection kicks in, advising Rocket to leave while he has the chance.

If Rocket honors Lylla's death wish, he says goodbye to Lylla and tells her to mess them up for the both of them, to which Lylla promises that she will. After Rocket escapes, he hears an explosion come from the laboratory and sees smoke emerge, mourning Lylla's death.
If Rocket carries Lylla out of the laboratory, both of them make it out into the open. He then places Lylla's body on the ground as she shares a moment outdoors with Rocket, fulfilling her desire to see the outside world before she dies in his arms.

After the memory experience ends, Rocket angrily tells Star-Lord that he had no right to see it, feeling violated at having his past revealed without his permission. Rocket than restores Lylla's grave, which Star-Lord can offer to help with or not, before they return to the Milano. Star-Lord than tries to devise a way to get Nebula's help in deciphering the ancient Kree language, with Gamora suggesting they offer Rocket repairing Nebula's damaged mechanical arm as leverage. Entering Gamora's room, which Nebula has been locked up in, Star-Lord and Gamora explain that they need her to translate the ancient Kree language, but Nebula is reluctant cooperate. When Nebula tells Gamora that she still remembers Tar-Voll, Gamora draws her sword on her as Nebula orders for Gamora to leave.

If Star-Lord has Gamora leave, she does so while warning Star-Lord that she won't help him if she hears screams. Nebula than remarls that she never cared for them.
If Star-Lord agrees with Gamora, he states that Gamora has the right idea in thinking Nebula untrustworthy as he pins Nebula against the wall.

Drax the Destroyer later tells Star-Lord that there was a device found in Nebula's skull, and Star-Lord persuades Nebula into giving him the device, though she states that it telling him everything he'll want to know will also mean Star-Lord now owes her. While talking to Gamora and Drax the Destroyer, Star-Lord is told by Drax that the item is a Cypher Module - something that shouldn't exist anymore. Upon uploading it to the translator, Star-Lord uses his mask to read the ancient Kree language and is stunned to find it says "Come find me in the temple", mirroring the words of his mother in the visions. Star-Lord than tells Gamora and Drax the Destroyer that they are going back to the temple.
Returning to the unidentified planet with the abandoned Kree outpost, Star-Lord states that Rocket will need some space after what happened on Halfworld and that someone will need to remain behind to guard Nebula. Both Gamora and Drax the Destroyer want the opportunity to guard her - the former to try and reconnect with her sister, the latter because he believes she will start a fight he will need to quell.

If Gamora is chosen to guard Nebula, Star-Lord tells Gamora that she'll be able to tell if Nebula is going to make a move.
If Drax the Destroyer is chosen to guard Nebula, he tells Star-Lord that he won't let him down.

On the planet's surface, Star-Lord re-enters the temple with Groot and whoever wasn't chosen to guard Nebula, using his scanner to find that Hala the Accuser was already here before them. Upon activating the switches on the statues, a platform is raised as Star-Lord translates the revealed glyphs on the wall, which exposit on how the Eternity Forge can be wielded responsibly and that "she" will remain entombed throughout the galaxy until than. Star-Lord than discovers that temple in question is at a place called Emnios, while his teammate also notes the images of the Eternity Forge displaying one life being given for every life brought back - which causes Star-Lord to realize why it failed to help Rocket; it wasn't "charged" again after it brought Star-Lord back. When Star-Lord tells whoever was left guarding Nebula to have the Milano's engines fired up for departure, he is told that Rocket is in the engine room with sounds of destruction being head.
In the Milano's engine room, Star-Lord finds Rocket is still mourning for Lylla and claims that she is the only thing keeping him alive, as well stating his makeshift computer - all that he has left of her - is no longer working, weeping as he states that he can't fix it this time.

If Star-Lord tells Rocket to move on, he advises that Rocket let go of it, to which Rocket admits he already knows he needs to move on.
If Star-Lord tells Rocket to keep it, he tells Rocket to hold onto it as it means a lot to him, with Rocket solemnly clasping it to his body

As a system failure suddenly takes place across the Milano, Star-Lord leaves to deal with it as he tells Groot to help Rocket. However, Star-Lord finds the failure is actually a breech warning, as the ship is under siege by the Kree soldiers with the Revenant closing in on them. As Drax and Gamora fight them off, Nebula offers to help Star-Lord and asks he free her, stating self-preservation as a mutual goal for them to unite under.

If Star-Lord agrees, he will release Nebula with a warning not to betray them, which she fulfills by helping fight off the Kree.
If Star-Lord refuses, he will leave Nebula locked up as she bitterly states he will regret his choice.

After dealing with the Kree in the cockpit, Star-Lord heads down to the engine room where he gets shot in the leg by Jyn-Xar, who has defeated Rocket and Groot. With the Eternity Forge in hand, Jyn-Xar states he will return it to Hala, but Star-Lord rants toward Jyn-Xar about the attack as a diversion while Rocket gets back on his feet. Depending on the advice Star-Lord gave him, Rocket will either successfully put the makeshift computer back together to help electrify Jyn-Xar, or rewire the Milano's vents in order to set Jyn-Xar on fire, with Star-Lord reclaiming the Eternity Forge from Jyn-Xar's body. Hala the Accuser than contacts Star-Lord over the radio, warning him that he can't run forever and that the Eternity Forge will be hers. Gamora tells Star-Lord that the Revenant's weapons are coming online while Rocket works to get the engines back online, barely managing to escape. Star-Lord than tells Gamora to set a course to Emnios ,while dropping off their "stowaways" on the way there.
Closing in on Emnios, Star-Lord feels certain that his mother is on Emnios, embarking with Gamora through the opened doors into a bright light, where they see the outline of something moving.
More Than a Feeling[edit]
Following a figure into the white light from the previous episode, Star-Lord again relives a memory from his childhood. In it, the young Peter is dropped off at a music store by his mother so she can pick up a prescription from the pharmacy, having been experiencing painful headaches as of late. As the shopkeeper (Mark Barbolak) copies a mixtape for him to give him mom, Peter is harassed by the local bully Clarence (John Omohundro) who has been regularly attacking him and broke his cassette player. Clarence taunts Peter about his mother being unable to afford her medical bills and that there are rumors she has been going door-to-door begging for handouts. If left uninterrupted, Clarence says his dad is drinking buddies with Meredith's doctor and claims that she's dying, insulting her to her face when she returns to the shop.

If Peter attacks Clarence, he will punch him hard enough to cause a nosebleed, causing Clarence to throw a radio at him in retaliation, though it ends up missing. Realizing he has only angered Peter further, Clarence panics and freezes up, allowing Peter to tackle him against a shelf and start pummeling him. Meredith pulls Peter off of Clarence, who laments that Peter may have broken his jaw. Disappointed and upset with Peter's actions, Meredith begins to cough and have trouble breathing as the aggravates her condition, causing the shopkeeper to call for an ambulance while Clarence runs away.
If Peter uses his words, he'll brush off Clarence's taunts and mock him for having "elephant ears", causing Clarence to rub in how Meredith kept her terminal condition secret from Peter. If Peter remains calm and insists that his mother just needs proper medicine, Clarence tells Peter to simply buy her poison so that can't waste her money trying to get better anymore. Outraged, Meredith slaps Clarence and intimidates him into fleeing, thanking Peter for not lashing out and apologizing for her poor example in striking Clarence. Peter asks Meredith if Clarence was right about her dying.

At the end of the flashback, Peter's mother tells him he is "so close" and tells him to find her, culminating in the adult Star-Lord waking up to find himself back on Earth in the middle of a forest. Walking through woods, he finds Gamora screaming into a field at nothing before muttering about her sister and reacting as if attacked. Confused, Star-Lord approaches Gamora only to have her start swiping at him with her sword, believing that he is Nebula. Getting pinned to the ground, Star-Lord struggles to keep Gamora's blade away from his throat and suddenly begins experiencing one of Gamora's memories just like he had with Rocket Raccoon. In it, Gamora is training with the than-unaltered Nebula in a combat arena, advising Nebula on keeping her awareness at all times when Nebula expresses frustration with being confined. The two continue dueling until finally locking blades, Nebula pleading that Gamora is hurting her.

If Gamora finishes the fight, she will overpower Nebula and knock her down, but is distracted when Thanos enters the room - which Nebula takes advantage of to kick Gamora's legs out and press a blade to her neck. Thanos than compliments Nebula's use of duplicity to win and if Gamora claims Nebula cheated, Thanos will remark it Gamora's fault for leaving herself open.
If Gamora throws the fight, she eases pressure off of her sword enough for Nebula to knock her down in front of Thanos, much to Gamora's chagrin. If Gamora reveals she let Nebula win the fight, Thanos will still favor Nebula for having taken advantage of Gamora's hesitance.

Thanos muses that Nebula may be the greatest assassin in the galaxy and gives the sisters a mission; head to a Kree outpost on Phelion and locate General Tar-Voll, who has obtained a device that Thanos requires. He instructs Gamora to recover the device while Nebula is to kill Tar-Voll, overjoying Nebula with his acknowledgment that she is ready to go out into the galaxy. Thanos than reveals to Gamora in private that his giving Nebula the mission is because he is losing faith in Gamora's capabilities, intending for Nebula to "tighten the slack" - regardless of if she's actually capable enough yet - and that Nebula will in turn be the one who suffers if they fail. After Thanos speaks with Nebula in private, the sisters arrive on Phelion and split up to complete their goals. Infiltrating the command chamber, Gamora kills the guards and obtains the device, but Nebula is overpowered by Tar-Voll, forcing Gamora to step in and kill the General to save her. Enraged that Gamora took her kill, Nebula demands the device so that she doesn't return a failure. Gamora can either comply or refuse, but Nebula will ultimately impale Gamora with her sword to keep her failure a secret, leaving her sister for dead.
After the memory experience ends, Gamora reawakens and pins Star-Lord again, forcing him to slap her to snap her out of it. Realizing he saw her memories, Gamora reveals the betrayal is the main reason for her bitterness with Nebula and that her sister resented her acts of protection, seeing it as pity and a lack of trust. However, Gamora states she also blames herself for not being more honest with Nebula about her doubts and that she still wants to repair their relationship, despite fearing that Nebula will never stop resenting her. Returning focus onto what the Temple is trying to show them, Star-Lord and Gamora hear music that the former recognizes as one of his mother's favorites, drawing them to an old chapel in the middle of the forest. Gamora warns Star-Lord to be careful as the Temple is using their memories against them, entering the chapel to find it a recreation of Meredith's funeral, albeit devoid of anybody else. As they approach the podium, the music intensifies and distorts until going quiet when Star-Lord reaches the casket and opens it, releasing a bright light that disperses the memory world and reveals the Temple on Emnios. Finding a large container in place of his mother's casket, Star-Lord and Gamora watch the object open to reveal the body of a female figure, which tumbles onto the floor.
Discovering the figure to be a humanoid girl with a pair of antennae, the woman introduces herself as Mantis (Sumalee Montano) and calls Peter by name, claiming they have met before - than asks to borrow Peter's gun. Star-Lord can oblige her or refuse, though either way Mantis will force her prison container over the edge of the platform and destroy it, gladdened to finally be free of her "tomb". Proclaiming Peter to be "the Celestial One", Mantis reveals she was the source of Peter's visions through the Eternity Forge, calling for him to come find her - albeit unconsciously, with the message using Peter's most vivid memories, and by extension Meredith's form, on reflex to communicate it. Apologizing for her actions, Mantis holds Star-Lord's hands and is able read his responses before he even speaks, revealing she is an empath that can read others' emotions or transmit her own to them, explaining her duty is to help "the Celestial One" decide the fate of the Eternity Forge. Returning Mantis to the Milano, Star-Lord and Gamora introduce her to the rest of the Guardians by way of showcasing her abilities on either Drax the Destroyer, Rocket Raccoon or Groot. Star-Lord explains Mantis was the one calling to them through their memories, to which Drax questions how Mantis is connected to the Eternity Forge, despite Rocket's protests against a lengthy narration.
If allowed to speak of her past, Mantis explains that the Eternity Forge was brought into existence eons ago as a way to balance the Universe's flow of life-energy, by allowing control over the cycles of life and death. Mantis herself was charged with serving as both it's guardian and a guide for it's wielder to ensure only someone worthy could use it - but when none came, the Kree separated Mantis from the Forge and locked them away separately, so that it's power couldn't be abused. Mantis than explains that there is a legend of "the Celestial One" - a chosen hero with the wisdom and insight to wield the Eternity Forge and decide both it's use and it's ultimate fate - and that Star-Lord is the one the legend speaks of. Rocket is skeptical of the Legend since the Forge wasn't able to bring Lylla back, to which Mantis explains the Eternity Forge is only operating in a limited capacity - unless it is restored to full power, it can only resurrect intact and undamaged corpses, which in turn explains why Hala was preserving Kree bodies. However, Mantis reveals that as the Celestial One, Peter can restore the Forge to it's full power if he returns it to the Sacred Shrine, which would allow it to resurrect any deceased being from any point, though at the cost of one life for another - or he can destroy it to keep it's power forever out of evil hands. Rocket and Drax want to use it to bring back their loved ones, but Gamora and Groot wish it to be destroyed so that it's power can't be abused, by Hala or anyone else.
Star-Lord asks if Mantis can take them to the Shrine, to which she states she may be able to sense it's location with his help. However, the unrest and division among the crew makes it too difficult for Mantis to try, asking Star-Lord to speak with them first and find it’s source. Star-Lord finds Groot caring for a potted seedling and Rocket drinking his sorrows away, while Drax the Destroyer feels pensive over hope he'll get his family back and anxiety over Mantis' peering into people's feelings - as well as sympathy for the kind of pain that insight causes. Finally, Star-Lord discovers the primary source of unrest is from Gamora and Nebula, the former voicing frustration and uncertainty over failing to reach her sister. Star-Lord can advise Gamora to either give up on Nebula or keep trying to reach her, before going to speak with Nebula himself. Expressing bitterness at Gamora's attempts to speak with her, Nebula claims her sister doesn't know the full truth behind why she betrayed her, to which Star-Lord suggests she show him via Mantis' empathic abilities. Agreeing, Nebula shows Star-Lord her memories of the sisters' last mission, revealing that she hadn't been trying to kill Gamora; Thanos had been listening in as he believed that Gamora was untrustworthy. When Gamora disobeyed him and killed Tar-Voll, Thanos ordered Nebula to kill Gamora lest he do so himself, albeit slowly and painfully, with Nebula complying in order to save Gamora from Thanos' wrath. Gamora than walks in on Star-Lord viewing Nebula's memories and interrupts, causing another argument between them over each-other's trustworthiness despite them both wanting to reconnect.

If Star-Lord tells Nebula to leave, she will bitterly depart and end up joining Hala the Accuser in order to gain protection from the Nova Corps. She than fights Gamora in the episode's climax, taunting her for never listening to her while Gamora vows to keep defeating her, though the fight ultimately ends with Nebula helping subdue Gamora.
If Star-Lord tells Nebula to stay, she and Gamora finally start to reconcile and Nebula accompanies the Guardians, leaving Gamora hopeful they can regain each-other's trust. Nebula and Gamora fight side-by-side in the episode's climax, expressing happiness at working together again, though Nebula ends up getting injured protecting Gamora.

With the crew's feelings now sorted out, Mantis is able to locate the Sacred Shrine and the crew readies to leave. Gamora talks with Star-Lord about the outcome of taking to Nebula, Rocket apologizes for his drunken rant at Peter and Mantis listens to music on Peter's cassette player, voicing anxiety on how much the team is weighed down by their pasts rather than living in the present. Playing some music to help ease tension, Star-Lord helps Mantis acclimatize to the Guardian's chaotic life on the Milano as they travel to the Shrine, which is located in a subterranean cavern on Drobino. Entering the Shrine, Mantis directs Star-Lord to place the Eternity Forge on the central pedestal and energize the temple, though damage to the statues forces them to manually re-adjust the lenses meant to focus power to the platform. Upon focusing the beams of light on the Eternity Forge, Star-Lord is given the choice of whether or not to fully empower it or destroy it, but Hala the Accuser enters immediately afterword with a group of Kree soldiers to try and claim it for herself, though Rocket disarms her of the remote-gauntlet for her lance.

If Star-Lord decides to destroy the Eternity Forge, Drax the Destroyer and Rocket Raccoon feel hurt and betrayed at losing the chance to have their loved ones back, verbally lashing out at Gamora and Groot when they approve of the choice. When Hala enters, the Guardians fight her forces to a standstill but Hala manages to reach the broken Eternity Forge. She than attempts to resurrect her son Bal-Dinn, but his body disintegrates moments after materializing and the stricken Eternity Forge explodes. However, Hala survives the blast, badly burned but infused with the Forge's power, swearing revenge on Peter for costing her the chance to bring back her son and army.
If Star-Lord decides to empower the Eternity Forge, Gamora and Groot will respectively express anger and disappointment at personal attachment superseding the risk, with Drax the Destroyer and Rocket Raccoon criticizing the two for being afraid. When Hala enters, the Guardians fight her forces to a standstill but Hala manages to reach the empowered Eternity Forge. She than uses it to successfully resurrect her son Bal-Dinn (Johnny Yong Bosch), embracing him upon affirming he is alive. Claiming the Eternity Forge for herself, Hala uses it to revive the rest of her soldiers within the Shrine, intent on repeating the process for the Kree's army.



[378] GameTitle : Bendy and the Ink Machine
The player plays as Henry, an animator, who gets an invitation to his old workplace, an animation studio called Joey Drew Studios, by the eponymous owner and Henry's old friend, Joey Drew. Upon arriving, the place seems deserted and run through with ink pipes. While exploring, Henry finds the Ink Machine, as well as evidence that Joey began practicing with the occult. He finds a mutilated corpse of Boris the Wolf, one of the cartoon characters appearing in Joey's cartoon posters. Upon restoring power to the Ink Machine, Henry is attacked by a living ink version of another of the cartoon characters named Bendy. Henry runs to the exit, but falls into a secret underground room as the floor collapses. He then uses an axe to break into another room with a pentagram painted on the ground with ink. Upon approaching the pentagram, Henry gets flashbacks of the Ink Machine and Bendy before passing out.
Chapter Two: The Old Song[edit]
Upon waking up, Henry begins to find more evidence of Drew and musical director Sammy Lawrence performing in Satanic rituals. Apparently stuck in the studio, Lawrence went insane and began worshiping Bendy as a form of appeasement, believing that the cartoon devil was a literal demon. Henry ends up in the Music Department of the studio by following tracks through recordings to find his way out. While trying to escape, he encounters the Searchers, who are humanoid ink monsters that try to kill Henry. After draining the pool of ink down, Henry is knocked unconscious by Sammy Lawrence. Lawrence ties up Henry and explains that he has to sacrifice Henry to get "Bendy" to release him from his ink body. When "Bendy" arrives, he attacks and kills Lawrence instead, and eventually chases after Henry. After getting away, Henry finds a living version of Boris the Wolf as the chapter ends. After the credits, the player is shown Sammy Lawrence's remains: a puddle of ink with his mask in the middle.
Chapter Three: Rise and Fall[edit]
In chapter three, the player wakes up in a safe room; upon exiting the room and turning a corner they see Boris. In order to leave Boris' safe-house, Henry needs to find three cans of soup and give them to Boris, after which he will supply Henry with the lever handle required to open the door. As Henry and Boris leave the safe-house, and continue through the studio, they reach a dead end, and Boris crawls through a small hatch that closes behind him. Henry enters a large room with a sign titled 'Heavenly Toys', and as he keeps walking, he enters a smaller room, which abruptly goes dark. Alice Angel suddenly appears, smashes the glass window of a space at the back of the room, and then escapes into the studio. Alice Angel invites Henry and Boris down to level 9, where she has set up residence, and instructs Henry to complete a series of tasks for her while providing him with tools to help him. The tasks consist of finding four special gears, collecting four gobs of extra thick ink from the Swollen Searchers, destroying four Bendy cutouts, and getting five ink hearts from the very bottom floor, where the Projectionist resides. Once these tasks are completed, Alice will allow him to leave. However, Boris unfortunately gets on the lift with Henry, and Alice brings the lift plummeting back down to her lair, screaming that Henry has robbed her of the Boris that she needs to become "beautiful" again. Once the lift reaches the floor level 9, Alice Angel appears, walking towards an unsuspecting Boris as he attempts to revive an unconscious Henry, and she pulls him away into her lair, ending the chapter. There are two paths to choose in the chapter: choosing the Path of the Angel causes an Alice Angel teaser to appear, which shows Boris tied up, an axe lying on the table, and Alice Angel's shadow on the wall. If Henry chooses the Path of the Demon, "Bendy" is shown in an ink-filled room with the "Butcher Gang" enemies (Piper, Fisher, and Striker) and a Searcher.
Chapter Four[edit]
Chapter Five[edit]


[379] GameTitle : Prince of Persia: Warrior Within
Seven years after the events of Prince of Persia: The Sands of Time, the Prince finds himself constantly hunted by a terrible beast known as the Dahaka. The Prince seeks counsel from an old wise man who explains that whoever releases The Sands of Time must die. Because the Prince escaped his fate, it is the Dahaka's mission as guardian of the Timeline to ensure that he dies as he was meant to. The old man also tells of the Island of Time, where the Empress of Time first created the Sands. The Prince sets sail for the Island in an attempt to prevent the Sands from ever being created, an act he believes will appease the Dahaka. After a battle at sea with an enemy force led by a mysterious woman in black capsizes the Prince's ship, the Prince washes ashore unconsciously onto the Island of Time.
He later awakens and chases the woman in black through the Empress of Time's fortress into a portal that transports the two into the past. The Prince saves a woman named Kaileena from being killed by the woman in black, whose name is Shahdee. Unable to grant the Prince an audience with the Empress of Time, who is busy preparing to create the Sands, Kaileena instead tells him how to unlock the door to the throne room in which the Empress resides. The Prince makes his way through the fortress, using the sand portals to travel back and forth between the past and present, and narrowly escapes several encounters with the Dahaka, who he discovers cannot pass through water. The Prince activates the mechanisms in the two towers of the fortress - the Garden Tower and the Mechanical Tower - that serve as locks to the door. He returns to the throne room only to discover that Kaileena is actually the Empress of Time herself, who has foreseen in the Timeline that the Prince will kill her and who has decided to attempt to defy her fate, just as the Prince is doing. A battle ensues and the Prince proves victorious; he kills Kaileena and returns to the present.
He believes that he has changed his fate, but another encounter with the Dahaka forces him to realize that in killing Kaileena, he was, in essence, the one who created the Sands of Time, as the Sands were created from her remains and they flow into the hourglass. The Prince falls into despair, but then finds a glimmer of hope upon learning of a magical artifact called the Mask of the Wraith, which is said to transport the wearer into the past, allowing the wearer to alter his own Timeline. The Prince wastes no time in seeking out and donning the mask, which transforms him into the Sand Wraith, a monster that constantly ebbs away life, and sends him back to the time when he first arrived on the Island of Time. He formulates a plan to force Kaileena through a sand portal with him, transporting them both into the present, believing that if he kills her then, the Sands of Time will be created seven years after the events of Prince of Persia: The Sands of Time, meaning it will be impossible for the Prince to release them in Azad. While still in the past, the Prince (as the Sand Wraith) ensures that the Dahaka takes and destroys his other self, who has just finished unlocking the door to the throne room, leaving the Sand Wraith the only Prince in that Timeline. This act loosens the Mask of the Wraith from the Prince's face and allows him to remove it and return to his normal form. The Prince goes to the throne room and, despite his pleas to Kaileena, his battle with her begins as before. He forces her into the present with him, and it is at this point that the game has two alternate endings. Which ending is played depends on whether all life upgrades and Water Sword were collected or not.[9]

First ending, without the Water Sword

The Prince fights and kills Kaileena in the present, and the Dahaka arrives to claim her body as well as Farah's amulet from the Prince, so that the Sands of Time and all relics pertaining to it are removed from the Timeline. The Prince sails home to Babylon, alone, only to discover that the city is being ravaged by war. The old wise man's voice is heard, once again stating: "Your journey will not end well. You cannot change your fate. No man can."

Second ending, with the Water Sword

In the present, before the battle between The Prince and Kaileena begins, the Dahaka appears trying to remove Kaileena from the timeline. The Prince tries to save her and realizes that the Water Sword can damage the seemingly-invincible Dahaka. After fighting and defeating the beast, the Prince and Kaileena sail to the Prince's home of Babylon with each other. During the journey, he apparently ends up making love to Kaileena where a dream enters in the mind of the Prince, appearing to be a burning Babylon, with a gold crown rolling to the feet of a mysterious, shadowy figure that ominously claims: "All that is yours, is rightfully mine...and mine it will be." As in the first ending, the old wise man's voice is heard stating: "Your journey will not end well. You cannot change your fate. No man can." This ending is a canonical ending and continues into Prince of Persia: The Two Thrones.


[381] GameTitle : Prince of Persia: The Sands of Time
The story is set in Persia during the 9th century AD, and begins with the Prince narrating to an unseen listener about his adventures.[4][9] The Prince and the army of his father Shahraman are passing through India to visit the Sultan of Azad. The Vizier of a local Maharaja, wanting to prevent his death using a substance known as the Sands of Time, entices them into attacking the Maharaja's palace, where the Sands are stored. During the fight, the Prince loots an artefact called the Dagger of Time, and the Maharaja's daughter Farah is taken as a gift for the Sultan of Azad. Visiting Azad, the Vizier tricks the Prince into releasing the Sands, turning everyone but the Prince, the Vizier and Farah (protected by the Dagger, a staff and an amulet respectively) into sand creatures.[10] The Vizier attempts to seize the Dagger from the Prince, but he escapes and eventually allies with Farah to undo the damage he has caused and prevent the Sands from covering the world, even though he has doubts about her loyalties and motives.[10][11]
After navigating the palace of Azad and reaching the hourglass of the Sands in the Tower of Dawn, the Prince hesitates when following Farah's instructions on containing the Sands, unsure of whether to trust her.[12] The Vizier ambushes them and they barely escape with the Dagger, ending up in a tomb beneath the city. Eventually finding shelter in a mysterious bathhouse, the two rest and consummate their growing feelings for each other. When the Prince wakes up back in the palace, Farah has gone with the Dagger, leaving him her amulet. He follows her and only just manages to catch her as she is driven over a ledge above the hourglass by monsters. To save the Prince, Farah allows herself to fall to her death. As the Prince mourns over her, the Vizier offers him eternal life in exchange for the Dagger. The Prince refuses and stabs the hourglass with the Dagger.[13] Time rewinds to before the attack on the Maharaja's palace, and the Prince, still in possession of the Dagger and his memories, runs ahead to warn Farah of the Vizier's treachery. It is now revealed that the Prince has been recounting his tale to Farah, and as he finishes, the Vizier enters to kill him. The Prince kills the Vizier and returns the Dagger to Farah, who believes his narrative was just a story. In parting, the Prince mentions a private word she told him during their time in the tomb, leaving her amazed.[14]


[383] GameTitle : Dragon Age: Origins
Depending on the player's chosen race and class, they will begin the game with one of six predetermined origin stories. In each origin story, the player is introduced to Duncan, the commander of Ferelden's Grey Wardens, who is trying to find new recruits. At the end of the origin story, the player's character is selected as a potential Grey Warden, and leaves with Duncan.
The player and Duncan journey to a fortress in southern Ferelden called Ostagar. There, they join Cailan, the King of Ferelden, and his father-in-law Loghain, a legendary general. The three leaders plan to make a stand against the encroaching Darkspawn before a new Blight overwhelms Ferelden. Duncan senses the influence of an Archdemon, a god-like being hosted in the body of a powerful Dragon that commands the Darkspawn, which makes this the first true Blight in over 400 years. Duncan emphasizes the importance of defeating the Blight before it can gain enough momentum to threaten the rest of Thedas.
Duncan initiates the player into the Grey Wardens through a dangerous ritual called the Joining, which involves imbibing Darkspawn blood. The person is either killed or imbued with the powerful darkspawn essence, the Taint, granting them the ability to sense Darkspawn and a rudimentary connection into their hive mind. After surviving the Joining, the player and fellow Grey Warden, Alistair, are tasked with lighting a beacon at the top of the fortress to signal Loghain's men into charging the horde's flank. However, upon arriving, Loghain abandons the battlefield with his army, leaving King Cailan, Duncan, and their army to be overwhelmed and slain by the Darkspawn, who seize control of Ostagar and begin advancing into southern Ferelden.
The player's Warden and Alistair are saved by Flemeth, a powerful witch who lives in a secluded hermitage with her daughter and apprentice, Morrigan. The player, Alistair, and Morrigan decide to gather a new army in order to slay the Archdemon and stop the Blight from destroying Ferelden and Thedas. Using ancient Grey Warden treaties, the player's Warden travels across Ferelden to enlist the aid of the Dalish Elves, the Dwarves of Orzammar, the Circle of Magi, and the soldiers of Redcliffe loyal to Arl Eamon. In addition, Alistair reveals that he is a bastard son of King Maric Theirin, Cailan's father, putting him in contention for the now vacant throne.
Meanwhile, Loghain returns to Ferelden's capital city, Denerim, to inform his daughter, Queen Anora, of King Cailan's death. Loghain scapegoats the Grey Wardens for the defeat at Ostagar and demands the deaths of any survivors. While Anora inherits her husband's authority, Loghain quickly declares himself her regent and effectively seizes control of the kingdom, swiftly becoming a brutal and tyrannical ruler willing to do anything to retain power. Ferelden's nobility rebel against him, igniting a civil war. Both sides battle to an inconclusive stalemate, and the darkspawn take advantage of the chaos to advance further into Ferelden unopposed.
After the player successfully obtains the assistance of each of the primary factions, a Landsmeet is called among the nobles of Ferelden. There, the player confronts Loghain, ultimately either executing him or sparing and initiating him into the Grey Wardens (causing Alistair to resign). The player also settles who will lead Ferelden against the Blight (Alistair and/or Anora) and rallies the rest of the kingdom against the Darkspawn. At this point, the player learns that due to the Taint, only a Grey Warden can slay the Archdemon. Killing it will release a demonic essence within it, which is drawn to the Taint in the Grey Warden and effectively kills them; if anyone else slays it, the essence will survive and find a new host in the nearest Darkspawn, making the monster effectively immortal.
The night before the final battle, the player meets Morrigan, who proposes a way to slay the Archdemon without sacrificing anyone: the two conceiving a child. The child, also carrying the Taint, would merge with the Archdemon once it dies, creating a demonic essence which will spare any Grey Warden. Morrigan agrees to conceive the child, which would resultantly be born a demigod, on the condition that she be allowed to raise it alone. The player can accept Morrigan's offer, convince Alistair/Loghain to take part instead, or refuse the witch's proposal, which will cause her to leave the party.
The next day, the player and the newly assembled army of Ferelden fight their way through the city of Denerim, which has been overrun by the Darkspawn. After fighting their way through the Darkspawn horde, and a final battle against the Archdemon atop Denerim's highest tower, the player must decide whether they or Alistair/Loghain delivers the killing blow. The Archdemon is killed and the leaderless Darkspawn army retreats from Denerim, marking the end of the Fifth Blight. However, unless the ritual with Morrigan was performed, whoever slews the Archdemon also perishes. The story ends with a ceremony attended by the people of Ferelden during which the player and their companions are honored for saving the kingdom. Lastly, an epilogue details in text and pictures the ramifications of the player's in-game choices, including the future of Ferelden and the fates of his or her companions.


[384] GameTitle : Call of Juarez: Bound in Blood
The game begins in a ceremonial chamber, with Ray and Thomas pointing their guns at one another, as Marisa stands alongside Thomas. Ray says "I loved you, and you lied to me. Both of you. You betrayed me." From nearby, William laments to himself how the family has been destroyed by lust for a woman and greed for gold. There is a cut to black, a gunshot, and Marisa screams.


"It was late August in 1864 and the murderous Yankee General William Tecumseh Sherman was marching through Georgia, burning everything in his path. Those were bitter days for my brothers and I. My father was dead, killed at Antietam. My mother and I were all alone, doing our best to run what was left of the family farm. Two years previously I had left the seminary, giving up my religious studies to do my familial duty. Now everything we held dear was about to burn, and our last hope was the Confederate forces defending the Chattahoochee River. Among those forces were my brothers, Thomas and Ray"

— opening narration
The game cuts to two years previously, 1864, with Ray and Thomas fighting for the Confederacy in the American Civil War. Near the Chattahoochee River, the brothers help to repulse an attack by the Union Army. However, rather than go on the offensive, Colonel Barnsby orders a retreat to Jonesboro to reinforce supply lines. The McCalls refuse to comply, and instead desert to try to save their nearby home. When they arrive, they find the house partially destroyed, their mother dead, and William by her bedside. Vowing to return and rebuild the house, they leave, knowing they are fugitives. A short while later, Barnsby arrives, vowing to track them down and hang them for their desertion.
The game cuts to 1865, with the Union victorious. Barnsby, however, has refused to surrender, and continues to both fight the army and hunt the McCalls. The brothers head to Fort Smith, Arkansas, with William growing increasingly worried by their lawless behaviour. When the local marshal learns Thomas slept with his daughter, there is a shoot-out and the marshal is killed. The brothers flee, heading to San Lorenzo in Mexico. Ray has heard tales of an Aztec treasure called the "Gold of Juarez," supposedly the ransom accumulated for Montezuma after he was taken captive by Hernándo Cortés, which disappeared after the fall of Tenochtitlan, and hopes they can find it and use it to rebuild their home.
Meanwhile, Running River, an Apache chief, makes plans to wage war on the white man. He sends his reluctant son, Seeing Farther, to purchase rifles in Mexico, authorising him to trade a hidden medallion which reveals the location of the Gold. In a saloon in San Lorenzo, Marisa catches Ray's attention. After helping her when she is harassed by some cowboys, the McCalls are invited to dinner by Juan "Juarez" Mendoza, a powerful bandit, and Marisa's boyfriend. Mendoza reveals he too is looking for the Gold, and promises them a share if they help find it. After they kill a rival of his, he introduces them to Seeing Farther, who has come to him to purchase the rifles, and, in return, will reveal the location of the medallion.
The group head to Arizona to meet a gun runner. In Tucson, they learn he has been imprisoned by the Pinkertons. Marisa secretly flirts with Ray, who tells her they could take the medallion for themselves. Ray and Thomas then rescue the gun runner, who is wrapped in bandages, and return him to Mendoza. In private, he reveals himself to be Barnsby, telling Mendoza if he wants the rifles, he must hand over the McCalls. Meanwhile, Ray brags to Thomas and William of his plans with Marisa. Thomas goes to see Marisa, who says she was using Ray, hoping he would kill Mendoza, when she is actually in love with Thomas.
Heading to meet Mendoza, the McCalls instead find Barnsby, who imprisons them. Under interrogation, William tells Barnsby that Mendoza is trading the rifles for the medallion. Barnsby orders his men to hang the McCalls. However, they escape, and follow Mendoza. Barnsby watches them leave, deciding to follow them to Mendoza, hoping to get the medallion and use the Gold to raise a new confederate army. When the McCalls catch up with Mendoza, he claims he knew nothing of Barnsby's plan. The Apaches acquire the rifles, but confront the group, as William has told Seeing Farther the rifles don't work. Running River orders them all killed, but Seeing Farther intercedes. Marisa is taken captive, with Mendoza's approval, as she was the only one he told the rifles were defective (unknown to Mendoza, Marisa had told Thomas, who had told William). The McCalls go to the village as Seeing Farther's guests, and he agrees to help them find the medallion. Infiltrating Navajo territory, they retrieve it, with Seeing Farther entrusting it to William and explaining how to use it.
Shortly after returning to the camp, Barnsby attacks. The Apache are massacred; Ray, Thomas and Running River escape, but Seeing Farther is taken hostage. Barnsby offers Running River his son in return for the medallion, and Running River agrees. Assuming William and Marisa are dead, Ray and Thomas attempt to rescue Seeing Farther, but Barnsby mortally wounds him. Dying, he says William and Marisa are still alive, and are being held captive by Mendoza in his alcázar. The brothers leave Running River to kill Barnsby, as they head to rescue William and Marisa. Speaking to his dead son, Running River renounces of his life of violence and hatred, stating that from now on, he shall live a life of peace, and be known as Calm Water.
Meanwhile, Mendoza interrogates William about the medallion, but William refuses to explain to him how to use it. Marisa gives William a gun, unaware that Mendoza is watching. Mendoza forces William to kill to save himself, and then orders his men kill William. He tells Marisa after he kills Ray and Thomas, he will kill her for her betrayal. She tells him she is pregnant, but he says once the baby is born, she will work as a prostitute for him. However, she knocks him out and takes the medallion. At the same time, Ray and Thomas storm the alcázar. Ray heads to save William, and Thomas gets horses for their escape. Marisa approaches him, telling him she knows the secret of the medallion, and she and Thomas must use it, as William is dead. Thomas reluctantly agrees to leave Ray behind. Elsewhere, Ray prevents William's murder, and in the caves under the alcázar, he shots Mendoza, but is unable to find his body in the water. He and William escape, with Ray beside himself with rage at Thomas' betrayal.
In an effort to calm Ray, William tells him the secret of the medallion, not believing the Gold to be real. However, he is shocked when he learns it is, and they encounter Thomas and Marisa in the chambers. The opening scene repeats, with the two brothers facing off against one another. However, William steps between them, telling Ray he won't allow him to kill Thomas. He pretends he is about to draw a gun, and Ray shoots him. In actuality he was taking out his bible. The chamber is then attacked by Barnsby, who Running River chose not to kill. After killing all of his men, the McCalls face Barnsby, shooting him dead. Coming to believe the legend that the Gold is cursed, the McCalls and Marisa leave it behind. William's sacrifice compels Ray to renounce violence, and become a priest. He then marries Thomas and Marisa, and the three head to a small town in Texas, with Marisa pregnant with Mendoza's child. She carries the medallion as an amulet, which she plans to give to the child when he is born.


[385] GameTitle : Penumbra Overture
Set in the year 2001,[9] Penumbra: Overture follows the story of Philip, a thirty-year-old physicist whose mother recently died. After receiving a mysterious letter from his supposedly dead father, Philip follows a series of clues that lead him to a mysterious location in uninhabited northern Greenland.[10] The harsh cold forces him to take shelter in an abandoned mine. Unfortunately, the mine's entrance collapses as he enters it, and he is forced to move deeper inside. Within the mine, Philip discovers diary extracts written by a scientist of some sort, who was alone and gradually resorted to eating cave-dwelling spiders as an alternative food source as his supplies diminished.
The unknown person also describes discovering a psychoactive toxin in the spiders and deduced that, after eight months of consuming them in the mine, it was beginning to have an effect on him, physically. Philip also begins receiving radio messages from Tom "Red" Redwood, a man driven insane by cabin fever. Red promises that if he is found, he will give Philip answers. The game follows Philip as he descends deeper into the mines in search of Red while unravelling the secrets of the mine's previous and current inhabitants.
Philip quickly discovers that the mine is inhabited by an ecosystem of abnormally large and hostile animals: dogs, giant spiders, and gargantuan earthworms among others. Abandoned outposts and various scattered papers found throughout the mine indicate that a secret society is studying some unusual phenomena inside the mines.
Following clues and solving various puzzles, Philip eventually comes to an area deep within the mine where Red is waiting for him. Red waits inside an incinerator where he begs Philip to kill him. With no other option, Philip activates the incinerator and amongst Red's remains, he finds items he needs to progress into a new area of the mine which is identified as "The Shelter". Once inside, Philip notices what appears to be a human watching him. Philip approaches the figure, but the lighting is suddenly extinguished and Philip is knocked out and dragged away.


[386] GameTitle : The Last Remnant
The game is set in a fictional world featuring a number of distinct humanoid races: the Mitras, human in appearance, the Yamas, strong fish-like people, the Qsitis, small reptilians, and the Sovanis, feline people with four arms.[10] The world itself is broken up into multiple city-states, each with their own unique culture. The story of the game revolves around "Remnants", mysterious and coveted ancient artifacts of varying shapes and sizes which possess magic powers and have been the cause of several wars throughout the game's history.[11][12] Each Remnant is "bound" to a specific person, who is the only one who can then use their power; powerful Remnants that remain unbound for too long have the potential to cause a "collapse" and spawn monsters.[13][14] As Remnants come in varying forms, all cities throughout the world have at least one that their ruler is bound to that assist to govern and bring peace to their assigned realm.[6]
Characters[edit]
The protagonist is Rush Sykes, an 18-year-old Mitra boy from a peaceful island. His 14-year-old sister, Irina, is kidnapped at the start of the game, and finding her is Rush's impetus for leaving the island.[15] He meets and joins David Nassau, the 19-year-old Mitra ruler of the city-state of Athlum, and his four generals: the 41-year-old Mitra Emma Honeywell, the 24-year-old Yama Blocter, the 55-year-old Qsiti Pagus and the 200-year-old Sovani Torgal.[16] These characters can be joined by more than a hundred of other characters, many of whom are found through quests, while others can be hired at guilds. Every character has their own name and skillset, though the main characters have special additional skills.[17] The main villain is the Conqueror, a Mitra who during the course of the game attacks many city-states of the world with his army. He is assisted in regard, first in secret and then openly, by Wilfred Hermeien, an adult Mitra who is both the leader of the city-state of Nagapur with the ruling council of all of the city-states and Wagram, a powerful Mitra sorcerer.
Story[edit]
The game opens with Rush running through a forest, trying to find his sister Irina, who the player later learns has been kidnapped. He comes across an army led by David opposing an army of monsters and at the battle's conclusion rushes forward as he sees Emma in the crowd. After he generates a powerful shield with his Remnant pendant, he is interrogated by David and his generals, who decide to help him find Irina. When investigating a Remnant that is about to collapse, Rush and company come across Wagram and Irina, who escape. After chasing Wagram and Irina for several missions, the group attends the Congress meeting of the leaders of the city-states in Elysion, home to the Ark Remnant, which can transport users to the Sacred Lands.[18] The city is also home to the Academy, a research institution devoted to studying Remnants and the place where Rush's parents work. The Conqueror arrives at the Congress, binds the Ark and demands to be given a massive Remnant of the type that each city-state has.[19] After finding only Rush's mother, the group learns that the Conqueror, with his demands rejected, has started a war and is marching his army with the support of the "God-Emperor", a 1000-year-old legendary figure.[20][21]
David decides to take the lead in opposing the Conqueror in hopes of earning independence for Athlum, which is currently a vassal state to the city of Celapaleis. The party succeeds in stopping the Conqueror's army from attacking Celapaleis, but the Conqueror himself attacks Athlum in their absence. He kills Emma, who had remained behind to defend the city and takes the massive Remnant of Athlum, shrinking it to a normal-sized sword. The party then returns to Elysion to rescue Irina from Wagram. Irina is revealed to have a special power, that of unbinding bound Remnants, and it was for this reason that she was kidnapped. They discover that Hermeien is trying to use the Conqueror and Wagram to spark distrust in the people for Remnants and the city-states' ability to control them, so that he can then use Irina and her power to prop himself up as supreme ruler.[22] While the party are successful in retaking Irina and killing Hermeien, Wagram escapes while revealing that he and the Conqueror never planned to support Hermeien. Confronted by the Conqueror, Irina uses Nagapur's Remnant to protect her brother, destroying half of the city in the process.[23]
Four months later, the player learns that the council city-states are now trying to find Remnants all around the world to use to fight the Conqueror, who is in turn binding and transforming the Remnants of the city-states, even those that are already bound. Rush and Irina's parents, once found, reveal that their research at the academy had been to create tablets that can transform Remnants and it is through one of these that Wagram stole that the Conqueror is able to do so. When the party travels to the God-Emperor's city, Undelwalt, to try to determine why he is supporting the Conqueror, they find Wagram, who tells them that the Conqueror is a Remnant himself. Wagram and the God-Emperor are supporting him in his quest to destroy the people of the world, who are misusing Remnants and destroying the balance of the world.[24]
The group heads to Elysion, which is under attack by the Conqueror's forces. The Conqueror ascends the Ark and binds it so that no one can follow him; after defeating his army, the protagonists find a second Ark, even though no duplicate Remnants have ever been found.[25] After defeating Wagram, the party chases the Conqueror through the Sacred Lands, which are revealed to be the birthplace of Remnants and confronts him. He informs them that he is trying to release Remnants from the control of man and that the task was originally supposed to be Rush's, as he is also a Remnant.[26] He believes that their purpose is to take back the Remnants from the world that in his opinion is misusing them for warfare and destruction and allow them in turn to destroy the people of the world.[27] Rush disagrees and instead destroys the source of the Remnants, sacrificing himself.[28] The game ends with all of the Remnants disappearing around the world, but after the credits, Rush is heard talking with the Conqueror, saying; "I'm going back. They're waiting for me".[29]


[390] GameTitle : FINAL FANTASY VII
AVALANCHE performs a successful bombing operation at a Shinra Mako reactor in Midgar. A second run on another reactor goes wrong, and Cloud falls into the slums of the city. There, he meets Aerith and defends her from an attack by the Turks.[24][25] Meanwhile, Shinra finds AVALANCHE's location and collapses part of the upper city, killing most of AVALANCHE along with the slum population below.[26] Aerith is also captured; as a Cetra, she can potentially reveal the "Promised Land", which Shinra believes is overflowing with exploitable Lifestream energy.[27][28] Cloud, Barret and Tifa rescue Aerith but are captured after encountering a specimen dubbed "Jenova". They awaken to find their prison cells opened, and escape to find President Shinra killed. A katana in the President's body indicates that the attacker was Sephiroth, who was presumed dead seven years earlier.[29] The party escape Midgar and pursue Sephiroth across the Planet; along the way, they are joined by Red XIII, Cait Sith and Cid, and can recruit Yuffie and Vincent.
The party meet Sephiroth at a Cetra temple, where he reveals his intent to use the Black Materia to summon "Meteor", a spell that will fatally injure the Planet with a meteorite strike. At the point of impact, Sephiroth will absorb the Lifestream as it attempts to heal the wound, becoming a god-like being.[30] The party drives Sephiroth back, retrieving the Black Materia, but Sephiroth manipulates Cloud into surrendering it. Aerith sets off alone to stop Sephiroth, following him to an abandoned Cetra city. During her attempt to pray for help from the Planet, Sephiroth tries to force Cloud to kill her, then kills her himself before fleeing, leaving the Black Materia for the party to reclaim.[31] The party then learns more of Jenova, whose remains were unearthed by Shinra scientists several decades earlier and mistaken for a Cetra. In an experiment at Nibelheim, Jenova's cells were used to create Sephiroth.[20][31] Five years prior to the present, Sephiroth and Cloud were sent to Nibelheim on a mission, where Sephiroth discovered the truth about his origins. Driven insane by the revelation, he murdered the townspeople, then vanished when confronted by Cloud.
The party heads to the Northern Crater, where Sephiroth will use the Black Materia. Confronting him, they learn that the "Sephiroths" they have encountered are Jenova clones created by the insane Shinra scientist Hojo. Confronting the real Sephiroth as he is killing his clones to reunite Jenova's cells, Cloud is again manipulated into delivering the Black Materia to him, summoning Meteor. Sephiroth then taunts Cloud by showing another SOLDIER in Cloud's place in his memories of Nibelheim, suggesting that Cloud is also a Sephiroth clone.[32] Sephiroth summons Meteor; Cloud falls into the Lifestream and the party evacuates with Rufus and the Turks, who arrest them. Shinra focuses its efforts on protecting humanity from the Planet's defensive force ("Weapon") and attempting to destroy Meteor directly, which eventually costs the lives of the majority of Shinra's personnel, including Rufus.[33] Escaping Shinra, the party discover Cloud at an island hospital in a catatonic state from Mako poisoning. Tifa stays with him, and when the island is attacked by a Weapon, the two fall into the Lifestream.
Within the Lifestream, Tifa helps Cloud reconstruct his memories. Cloud was never accepted into SOLDIER, instead becoming a low-ranking infantryman. The SOLDIER in his memories was his friend Zack. At Nibelheim, Cloud was injured, but fatally wounded Sephiroth, who only survived due to Jenova. Cloud and Zack were then taken for experiments by Hojo, with Zack escaping four years later with a catatonic Cloud. The two were eventually cornered by Shinra soldiers, and Zack was killed; the combined trauma of his experience, the experiments and Zack's death triggered an identity crisis, with Cloud constructing a false persona around Zack's stories and his own fantasies.[31][34] Realizing and accepting his past, Cloud recovers and together with Tifa reunites with the party. It is revealed that Aerith's prayer to the Planet was successful: the Planet had attempted to summon Holy to prevent Meteor's impact, but Sephiroth blocked Holy. After killing Hojo when he tries to aid Sephiroth, who is revealed to be Hojo's biological son,[20] the party descends into the Planet's core and defeats both Jenova and Sephiroth. The party escapes and Holy is summoned, attempting to block Meteor as it descends on Midgar. As Meteor is too close, Holy cannot block it, but the Lifestream rises from the planet and aids Holy in destroying Meteor.[35] Five hundred years later, Red XIII is seen with two cubs looking out over the ruins of Midgar, which are now covered in greenery, showing the planet has healed.


[393] GameTitle : Call of Duty: Black Ops
Call of Duty: Black Ops takes place during the 1960s in the Cold War, around 20 years after the events of World at War. It focuses on CIA clandestine black operations carried out behind enemy lines. Missions take place in various locations around the globe such as the Ural Mountains, Kazakhstan, Cuba, Hong Kong, Laos, South Vietnam, the Arctic circle and Siberia. The single-player campaign revolves around an experimental chemical weapon codenamed "Nova-6". This weapon is bound to be used by sleeper agents in the United States, who are infused with sequences of numbers, once broadcasts are transmitted from an unknown numbers station.
The player controls the protagonist, SAD/SOG special forces operative Cpt. Alex Mason (Sam Worthington). Occasionally, CIA paramilitary operations officer Jason Hudson (Ed Harris) and some other characters are playable to progress the story. Alex is often joined by fellow operatives Sgt. Frank Woods (James C. Burns) and Joseph Bowman (Ice Cube), while Jason teams up with Grigori Weaver (Gene Farber), a Russian-born field operative. Viktor Reznov (Gary Oldman), a key character from the Soviet campaign in World at War, returns along with that game's Russian protagonist Dimitri Petrenko (Boris Kievsky) also making an appearance. Oldman also voices Daniel Clarke, a British scientist assisting in the development of Project Nova. Opposing the CIA are the leaders of Project Nova: former Red Army General Nikita Dragovich (Eamon Hunt), Colonel Lev Kravchenko (Andrew Divoff), and former Nazi scientist Doctor Friedrich Steiner (Mark Bramhall). Black Ops also features several historical figures: during the story Mason meets John F. Kennedy, Robert McNamara, and Fidel Castro.
Story[edit]
On February 25, 1968, SAD operative Alex Mason is strapped to a chair in an interrogation room, bombarded with questions by his unseen captors about the location of a numbers station. Mason then recalls several events, as an attempt to answer their questions.
On April 17, 1961, Mason, Woods, and Bowman take part in Operation 40 to assassinate Fidel Castro in Cuba during the Bay of Pigs Invasion. Mason apparently succeeds and stays behind to protect the extraction plane from an oncoming blockade, before being captured by the real Castro, having shot a double. Handed over to Major General Nikita Dragovich to be held captive at Vorkuta Gulag, Mason befriends inmate and former Red Army soldier Viktor Reznov. Reznov recounts to Mason the identities of their enemies: Dragovich, his right-hand man Lev Kravchenko, and ex-Nazi scientist Friedrich Steiner, who defected to the Soviet Union. In October 1945, Reznov and Dimitri Petrenko were sent to extract Steiner from a Nazi base in the Arctic. However, they were betrayed by Dragovich, who tested Steiner's nerve gas known as "Nova-6" on Petrenko, killing him. Reznov was spared the same fate when British Commandos, also interested in acquiring Nova-6, attacked the Soviets. Reznov destroyed the Nova-6 and escaped, only to be captured by the Soviets and sent to Vorkuta. The Soviets later recreated Nova-6 with the help of a British scientist, Daniel Clarke.
Having spent over a year imprisoned, Mason and Reznov spark an uprising to flee the gulag, but only Mason manages to escape. On November 10, 1963, Mason meets with President John F. Kennedy, who authorizes a mission to assassinate Dragovich; Mason briefly envisions aiming a handgun at Kennedy. Mason, Woods, Bowman, and Weaver are dispatched to the Baikonur Cosmodrome to disrupt the Soviet space program and eliminate members of "Ascension", a Soviet program giving sanctuary to Nazi scientists in exchange for their knowledge. The team destroys the Soyuz spacecraft, while Woods apparently kills Dragovich in a car explosion with a commandeered BTR.
On January 21, 1968, Mason's team is sent to Vietnam. After defending Khe Sanh, they recover a dossier on Dragovich from a Russian defector in Hue City during the Tet Offensive. The defector turns out to be none other than Reznov, who joins them as they penetrate Laos to recover a Nova-6 shipment from a downed Soviet plane. They are captured by Viet Cong and Spetznaz infiltrators at the crash site. Bowman is executed, but Woods and Mason hijack an Mi-24 Hind in the confusion and escape, moving on to rescue Reznov from Kravchenko's base. They confront Kravchenko and Woods stabs him, but Kravchenko pulls the pins off of four grenades strapped to himself, forcing Woods to sacrifice himself by pushing both himself and Kravchenko out of a window. In a huge explosion, Mason presumes the two dead.
Meanwhile, Hudson and Weaver interrogate Clarke in Kowloon City. Clarke reveals the location of a hidden facility in Mount Yamantau before being killed by Dragovich's men. Hudson and Weaver move to destroy the facility and receive a transmission from Steiner requesting to meet at Rebirth Island, as Dragovich has begun killing loose ends. Mason and Reznov head there to assassinate Steiner at the same time, succeeding just as Hudson and Weaver arrive. Mason is adamant that Reznov executed Steiner, but Hudson had witnessed Mason carrying out the act alone.
Hudson and Weaver are revealed to be Mason's interrogators. Dragovich has communist sleeper cells placed all over the United States which, when ordered by the numbers broadcast, will release the Nova-6 gas. As a result, the U.S. is preparing a pre-emptive nuclear strike on the Soviet Union, which would result in the inevitable Mutual Assured Destruction of World War III. Hudson needed Steiner to abort the gas launch, but after his death, only Mason has any knowledge of the numbers station. Hudson reveals that Dragovich brainwashed Mason to understand the numbers broadcasts and assassinate Kennedy, effectively making him a Soviet sleeper agent. The real Reznov never escaped, but died during the Vorkuta breakout attempt, and the Soviet defector in Hue was actually killed before Mason reached him. Mason’s visions of Reznov are a result of a dissociative disorder caused by the traumatic brainwashing program. Prior to the Vorkuta uprising, Reznov reprogrammed Mason to assassinate Dragovich, Kravchenko, and Steiner instead. Mason finally remembers the location of the broadcast station: a Russian cargo ship called Rusalka off the coast of Cuba. An assault on the Rusalka begins, with Mason and Hudson infiltrating the underwater submarine base protecting the ship. Hudson calls in the United States Navy to destroy the Rusalka. Mason and Hudson finally confront Dragovich in the lower levels of the facility, and Mason strangles and drowns him to death before escaping with Hudson. They regroup with Weaver, who declares victory.
Archive footage of President Kennedy prior to his assassination is shown in November 22 1963, revealing Mason was among onlookers who watched Kennedy disembark from Air Force One at Love Field. His presence, and Dragovich's taunt before his death, suggest that Mason may have carried out his initial programming. A hidden message that can be accessed in the game's main menu reveals that Woods survived the confrontation with Kravchenko and is currently incarcerated in the Hanoi Hilton.
Zombies[edit]
Characters and settings[edit]
The Zombies story takes place over various eras of time, mostly during the final year of World War II, and the 1960s. The story mainly follows four soldiers: Corporal "Tank" Dempsey (Steven Blum) of the United States Marine Corps, Sergeant Nikolai Belinski (Fred Tatasciore) of the Red Army, Captain Takeo Masaki (Tom Kane) of the Imperial Japanese Army, and Doctor Edward Richtofen (Nolan North) of the Wehrmacht. Other characters include Doctor Ludvig Maxis (Fred Tatasciore) and his daughter Samantha (Julie Nathanson). The map "Five" features historical figures: John F. Kennedy (Jim Meskimen), Robert McNamara (Robert Picardo), Richard Nixon (Dave Mallow), and Fidel Castro (Marlon Correa). "Call of the Dead" features the appearance of celebrities: Sarah Michelle Gellar, Robert Englund, Danny Trejo, Michael Rooker, and George A. Romero, all playing themselves.
Story[edit]





This section's plot summary may be too long or excessively detailed. Please help improve it by removing unnecessary details and making it more concise. (October 2015) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)


During World War II, Doctor Ludvig Maxis formed Group 935, a group of scientists that was intended to improve the human condition. Lacking funds, they soon turned to creating superweapons to aid the Nazis. Their discovery of Element 115 from a meteorite in Japan lead to the creation of zombies. Maxis and his assistant, Dr. Edward Richtofen, also work on other projects, leading to the creation of teleportation devices and 115-powered weapons. Attempting to use himself as a test subject, Richtofen accidentally teleports to a catacomb within the Moon, where he comes into contact with a mysterious pyramid device that causes him to hear mysterious voices, slowly taking away his sanity. He is later teleported to an exotic jungle known as Shangri-La, where he spends three weeks studying the Vril energy force. Upon returning to Germany, Richtofen secretly forms a plan to kill Maxis, and gathers many members of Group 935 to build a moon base, known as Griffin Station. While maintaining his cover with Maxis and the rest of Group 935, Richtofen manages to capture three soldiers: Tank Dempsey, Nikolai Belinski, and Takeo Masaki; he begins to conduct experiments with Element 115, causing memory loss for all three soldiers.
Maxis continues his work on other experiments, attempting to use his daughter's dog, Fluffy, as a test subject for his own teleportation device. However, the experiment fails, and Fluffy is transformed into an undead Hellhound. Richtofen takes the opportunity and traps Maxis and his daughter Samantha inside the teleporter with Fluffy, believing that they would die. Richtofen escapes with his three captured soldiers, and arrives at the Rising Sun research facility in Japan, where Element 115 was first discovered. After gathering a sample of 115 at the site, and recovering a weapon known as the Wunderwaffe DG-2, they return to the Der Riese factory in Germany. In an attempt to escape the zombie horde, the group accidentally overloads a teleporter with the DG-2, sending them forward in time. They arrive at an abandoned Nazi theater in the 1960s, where Richtofen discovers several recordings left behind by Dr. Maxis. Samantha, having survived and managing to control the zombies, continues raising the undead in order to hunt down Richtofen.
Some time in 1963, the United States government manages to grab hold of several of Group 935's inventions, keeping them hidden in the Pentagon. Due to the presence of the undead-raising Element 115, zombies breach the Pentagon. John F. Kennedy, Richard Nixon, Robert McNamara, and Fidel Castro are trapped within the Pentagon, forced to fight their way out. Meanwhile, Richtofen's crew arrive at a Soviet Cosmodrome site, where Richtofen intends to travel to Group 935's moon base, Griffin Station. The crew is contacted by Gersh, a member of the Ascension Group who requests to be freed from Samantha's grip. After freeing Gersh, the four of them are teleported further in time, and arrive at a Siberian lighthouse sometime in 2011, once used by Richtofen as a secret lab. However, they are trapped within a locked room, and forced to rely on four movie actors: Sarah Michelle Gellar, Danny Trejo, Robert Englund, and Michael Rooker, who are filming a zombie movie on-site along with director George A. Romero, who had been infected as well. Richtofen requests the four celebrities to find a golden rod, which is a Vril generator device, which he then uses to fix the teleporter. He transports himself and the other three soldiers back to Shangri-La, leaving the celebrities behind to continue fighting Romero and the horde. At Shangri-La, the group discovers two explorers, Gary and Brock, who died trapped within a time loop while trying to discover the secrets of the mythical Agartha realm. The group saves the explorers' lives by traveling back and forth in time, altering the environments of the temple in the process. They discover an altar within the temple with Richtofen's name written on it, as well as a piece of a meteorite containing Element 115. However, the explorers remain stuck in the never-ending loop.
With the Vril generator and the meteorite piece, Richtofen now believes he can control the zombies, and returns to Griffin Station. Here, they attempt to activate the MPD, a machine that controls the Aether energy, which opens to reveal Samantha inside; instead of dying by Richtofen's trap, Samantha was teleported to the moon while Maxis was sent somewhere else. Samantha accidentally triggered the MPD and was trapped within the device, but this also allowed her to enter the Aether realm. Maxis, who was retrieved by Group 935 scientists, apologized to his daughter and committed suicide in front of her, prompting her to assume control of the zombies and seek vengeance on Richtofen. Richtofen fuses the golden rod and the meteorite piece, and using it to switch souls with Samantha, takes over as the new zombie controller. This causes his former allies to feel betrayed, and they ally themselves with Samantha (who now resides in Richtofen's body). Maxis is revealed to have become a sentient artificial intelligence living within the systems of Griffin Station, and he guides his daughter and the three soldiers to launch three missiles at the Earth. This severs Richtofen's link with the Aether, but the launch results in the catastrophic destruction of the Earth, while still leaving Richtofen in control of the undead.


[394] GameTitle : Dead Space 2
The game begins in an asylum on the Sprawl, a densely populated civilian space station built onto the last remaining shard of Titan, one of Saturn's moons, and site of the first planet crack.[12][13] Isaac Clarke awakens with no memory of the past 3 years since Aegis VII, having just been awoken by Franco Delille (protagonist of Dead Space Ignition), an engineer on the Sprawl who was sent by Daina to rescue Isaac. With the already-ongoing Necromorph outbreak, an Infector kills and mutates Franco into a Slasher in front of Isaac, leaving Isaac to escape on his own.[14]
While running away from the chaos of the Necromorph outbreak, he stumbles upon a bloodied Foster Edgars, a scientist that oversaw Isaac and Nolan Stross' sessions, put him in a neck hold with a medical knife to Isaac's neck. Isaac pleads with Edgars to let him go while they can still evac the station. Edgars frees Isaac from his straight-jacket and kills himself. Soon, Isaac is contacted by Daina Le Guin, a woman claiming to have a cure for his "condition".[15] He is also contacted by fellow patient Nolan Stross (a main character from Dead Space: Aftermath), who endured a treatment similar to Isaac's.[16] Daina explains that Sprawl Director, Hans Tiedemann, is building a new Marker using information encoded in Isaac and Stross' brains.[16][17][18] She also claims that a self-replicating signal was imprinted on Isaac's mind by his previous encounter with the Marker, putting his life in grave danger, which Tiedemann kept in check with memory suppressants.[17] Ignoring Stross, Isaac fights his way through the city (still filled with survivors trying to escape the Necromorphs[19]) to reach Daina. Along the way, Isaac experiences hallucinations of Nicole, which become more vivid as "she" tries to deter him from his task.[20] Once he reaches Daina, she reveals herself to be a Unitologist agent and has Isaac restrained. Isaac pleads her to leave him alone and give him a cure but she assures him that there is no cure and claiming that they need him to build more Markers to spread Convergence, an event foretold in Unitology, across the universe; however, an EarthGov gunship strikes their space ship, killing Daina and her associates and allowing Isaac to escape.[21]
Stross contacts Isaac, claiming that they can destroy the Marker, telling him its location in the Sprawl's Government Sector; left with no choice, Isaac reluctantly decides to trust Stross.[22] As he makes his way there, Isaac comes across Ellie Langford, a CEC pilot who lost her crew during the outbreak. She eventually joins their mission after coming across Stross, almost killing him but was convinced by Isaac to keep him alive and safe from danger.[23][24][25][26] As they travel through the Sprawl, they encounter several obstacles caused by Tiedemann and the Necromorphs. Tiedemann uses a solar array beam that Isaac activated earlier to turn back on the life support in the station, to cut off the transport tube to the government sector, forcing Isaac to venture back inside the Ishimura, which is docked at the Sprawl for decontamination and repair after the events of the first game.[25][27][28][29] Later on, Stross' dementia worsens, causing him to gouge Ellie's eye out with a screwdriver, repeating "steps" to her;[30] she survives, and Isaac kills him in self-defense.[31][32] After weathering further verbal assaults from Nicole,[33] Isaac comes to accept the guilt of being unable to prevent her death, causing the visions to become benign.[34]
They later find an enormous mining drill and use the machine to drill into the Government Sector. Upon reaching the Government Sector, Isaac sends Ellie away (against her will) on a gunship to protect her.[35] Once inside, he releases the Necromorphs onto Tiedemann's forces near the Marker chamber, causing the Government Sector to be overrun quickly.[36] When Isaac reaches the Marker, he finds it surrounded by Necromorphs, which triggers Convergence.[37] With Nicole's guidance, he uses the NoonTech Diagnostic Machine, a device which had been used on both himself and Stross prior to the events of the game, activating the parts of his brain that had been affected by the Marker.[38] He fights his way to the Marker, where he encounters and kills Tiedemann.[39] At this point, the Nicole hallucinations pull Isaac into his own mind, revealing that the only way to make the Marker "whole" is to absorb the body and mind of the one who created it&#160;— in this case, Isaac himself.[40] Infuriated and betrayed, Isaac destroys "Nicole" and the Marker codes in his mind in a grueling mental battle.[40]
Waking up, Isaac discovers that the Marker has been rendered nonfunctional, and that the accumulated damage to the Sprawl has resulted in its reactors melting down. Isaac slumps to the ground, ready to accept his fate, to be interrupted by Ellie, who crashes the gunship through the ceiling. The two escape as the Sprawl explodes.[41]
In a post-credits scene, an audio transmission is heard between two people: an unknown man and his ranking superior, known only as "the Overseer". The subordinate relays that Titan Station, which he calls "Marker Site 12," and its Marker have been destroyed. The Overseer replies that the other sites will have to pick up the pieces.[42]
Severed[edit]
Dead Space 2: Severed is set three years after the events of Dead Space: Extraction, and shortly before those of Dead Space 2. Gabe Weller now works for the Sprawl Security, and Lexine is now his wife. Gabe's story runs parallel to Isaac Clarke's experiences in Dead Space 2; this can be seen throughout Severed as Gabe stumbles upon the remains of Isaac's various battles.
During a patrol in the Titan Mines, the Necromorph outbreak is unleashed. After the death of most of his patrol squad, Gabe contacts Lexine to warn her of the outbreak. After his emergency warning is transferred, Gabe makes his way through the mines, passing through many areas that will be visited by Isaac Clarke. During this, he receives a transmission from Director Tiedemann ordering all surviving security teams to scrub the facility and eliminate all key subjects.
Once Gabe finally arrives at the Titan Mines exit, he is fired upon by his superior officer, Victor Bartlett, who is in a gunship. After launching explosive canisters at the gunship, Gabe is able to force Victor to retreat. Gabe then demands an answer for his commander's seemingly random act of violence, leading to the revelation that Gabe's wife Lexine is on the list of key subjects to terminate because of her involvement in the "Oracle program", which has something to do with Lexine's recent pregnancy.
Gabe reaches the hospital in a gunship to try to get to Lexine before his superior officer can reach her. Gabe is finally able to make it through the Hospital to the Psych Ward only to find Victor being disabled by two Unitologists claiming to have orders to capture Lexine for further study.
Gabe chases after the two men to a docked ship, where Lexine escapes into the ship while her two kidnappers are transformed into Necromorphs. Once Gabe dispatches the threats, he and Lexine attempt to make their escape but they find the airlock is locked and only accessible from a hackable console near the ship. As Gabe attempts to hack the airlock, Victor ambushes him with a live grenade. After a struggle, the grenade explodes, killing Victor and leaving Gabe severely injured. During his final moments, he shoots the four airlock fuses, allowing Lexine and their unborn child to escape. Gabe, after saying goodbye, succumbs to his wounds. An epilogue reveals Gabe's body has been taken for study, while Lexine's whereabouts are unknown.


[395] GameTitle : Mafia II
Vito Scaletta (Rick Pasqualone) looks through a photo album as he begins to recount his life story. Born in Sicily in 1925 to an extremely poor family, he and his family emigrate to the fictional city of Empire Bay in America a few years later, but they are no better off there than they were in Sicily. While in school, Vito gets involved with a local delinquent named Joe Barbaro (Robert Costanzo), who eventually becomes his best friend. Vito is arrested during a botched robbery and given a choice: go to jail or join the Army. He chooses the latter and is sent to Sicily during World War II, where he serves as a paratrooper in Operation Husky for a further year and a half before being wounded and sent home on leave.
Almost immediately after he returns to Empire Bay, Vito manages to get a hold of counterfeit discharge papers, courtesy of Joe's mob connections. He also learns that his late father left his mother and sister in massive debt. Hoping to make money, Vito turns to Joe, who introduces him to Henry Tomasino (Sonny Marinelli), a made man of the Mafia, working for mob boss Alberto Clemente (Nolan North). Working under Henry, Vito is introduced to a real life of crime and eventually succeeds in paying his father's debt. However, Vito is later arrested for illegally distributing ration stamps and sentenced to ten years in prison, where he falls in with a crowd led by Leo Galante (Frank Ashmore), consigliere for another mob boss, Frank Vinci (Larry Kenney). Meanwhile, Vito's mother dies sometime during his sister's visit and all of his leftover money that he meant to give to his sister for her wedding is used for their mother's funeral instead. Vito is released in April 1951, having gotten nearly four years off his sentence, courtesy of Galante's connections.
Meeting up with Joe, who now works for the last of Empire Bay′s three mob bosses, Carlo Falcone (André Sogliuzzo), Vito starts doing odd jobs for Falcone, eventually becoming a made man in the Falcone crime family and buying a suburban house. Vito and Joe′s biggest job comes when they are sent to assassinate Clemente, who ordered the kidnapping of Falcone′s accountant and influenced Vinci to turn on him as he is going against the commission's tradition of opposing drugs. The assassination doesn't quite go as planned: Joe's childhood friend and wannabe gangster Marty Santorelli (Jason Spisak), the getaway driver for the job, is killed by Clemente who, after a lengthy car chase, is killed after being shot multiple times by a grieving Joe.
Soon after, Vito is approached by Henry, who now wants to work for Falcone due to Clemente's downfall. At Falcone's behest, Henry is sent to murder Galante, but Vito saves his old friend by convincing Henry to let Galante simply "disappear". After taking Galante to the train station so he can lay low by leaving Empire Bay, Vito returns home, only to find his sister on his front porch crying about the abuse her husband gives her. Vito brutally beats him up, threatening to kill him if he doesn't care for her. Horrified by Vito's actions, she disowns her brother, severing all ties with him. The following night, an Irish mob, who had feuded with Galante in prison, burns Vito's house to the ground in belated retaliation for one of their high-ranking members Vito killed in prison. Penniless, Vito settles on living in Marty's old apartment for the time being. To help Vito get out of debt, Henry gets him and Joe involved in the drug trade, revealing that Falcone is also involved, but will want a large cut of the profits if he discovers their racket. Although the trio are successful, the Triads discover that Henry is a federal informant and savagely kill him in the middle of a park in broad daylight. Unaware of Henry's federal ties, Vito and Joe seek vengeance by shooting up a Chinatown restaurant, killing the man who sold them the heroin in the first place.
Vito and Joe realize they are in serious trouble: with Henry dead and being ousted as an informant, they are soon scrutinized by Falcone for vouching for a "rat"; the gunfight in Chinatown agitated the Triads, who are now preparing for war; with Falcone having taken his cut and the Triads stealing whatever money left from Henry, Vito and Joe must also find a way to repay the $55,000 loan they took from the Jewish loan shark Bruno Levine. They manage to re-earn enough money: first, they murder former mobster Tommy Angelo, who turned pentito on his boss Ennio Salieri; Vito learns his father was drowned at the docks on orders of his union boss Derek Pappalardo, Vinci′s caporegime, whom Vito′s mother urged her son to work with earlier in the story. Vito kills Derek and his men, then takes Derek's retirement money. Vito daringly surrenders himself to Vinci in hopes that he will be able to find Joe. He does, and together they escape, shooting up the construction site they were being held at. While paying Bruno his money back, Vito discovers Bruno is the very same loan shark who had loaned his deceased father so much money.
The incident in Chinatown has caused great tension between Falcone and Vinci, as each believes the other is responsible, with the incidents at the docks and the construction site furthering problems between the two families. Galante returns to Empire Bay, negotiating a deal with Vinci and the Triads that they spare Vito's life if he kills Falcone. Conversely, Falcone offers Joe the position of caporegime if he kills Vito, but Joe betrays Falcone, not wanting to kill his lifelong friend. They succeed in killing Falcone and are picked up by Vinci's men to celebrate. But when Joe′s escort makes an unexpected turn, Vito is informed by Galante that the deal didn't cover Joe. Helpless, Vito watches sadly as Joe is driven away to whatever fate awaits him in exchange for their actions and the game concludes with a panoramic view of Empire Bay.


[396] GameTitle : Gothic 1
The player takes control of an unnamed prisoner who has just been thrown inside the mining colony. The exposition does not specify the crime for which he was convicted prior to the games' events. Before being sent in, the player receives a letter which he is tasked to deliver to the Order of the Magicians of Fire, which is stationed inside of the Old Camp. After getting the chance to talk with the magicians, the protagonist learns that Xardas, the head of the Fire Mages who is supposed to receive the letter, deserted in order to study black magic.[10]
After joining one of the three camps, the protagonist ends up aiding the Sect Camp prepare the invocation of their god, the Sleeper, which they believe will show them the way to escape the colony.[11] During the ritual the members have a vague vision and Y'Berion, the leader of the Brotherhood who performed the ritual, collapses after getting in contact with the Sleeper. In the vision, the sect members are shown the way to an old Orc cemetery. A guru and a few templars, together with the hero, set off towards the indicated place.[12] Once there, however, the templars die fighting the Orcs they meet, and only the guru and the protagonist survive. After searching the entire underground complex the two fail to find anything. The guru then goes insane and starts accusing the hero that it is because of him that the Sleeper refuses to reveal himself, and attempts kill the protagonist.[13]
After defeating the mad guru, the hero returns to the camp of the Brotherhood where he finds Y'Berion still weakened after the ritual. Despite efforts to help him recover, Y'Berion soon dies. Before dying, however, he warns the rest of the camp about the true, evil, nature of the god they thought was leading them on the path to freedom, and places his hopes on the escape plan of the Water Mages from the New Camp to blow up the Barrier using the power of the magical ore.[14]
Bearing important information about the recent events in the Sect Camp, the player is given permission to see the Water Mages, who ask for help with their escape plan. After the hero acquires all the needed artifacts with the help of four convicts he has befriended, the Water Mages now need the help of the Fire Mages to channel the magical energy.[15] However, the protagonist finds out the Old Camp's gates have been closed after their ore mine collapsed. Fearful that this incident might deprive him of his power, the leader of the Old Camp sent his men to take control of the New Camp's mine and killed the Fire Mages who were protesting against his action; only Milten, the youngest of the magicians, managed to escape.[16]
Having no other option left, the Water Mages send the hero to ask for Xardas, the magician who deserted the Fire Mages, to help them. However, Xardas refuses to help the Magicians of Water and thinks that their plan will not succeed.[17] He instead tells the protagonist that during his studies he learned that the Sleeper was summoned by the Orcs in order to help them against their enemies and that the demon is in a temple deep underneath the Orc city.[18] With the help of Xardas, the player manages to enter the Sleeper's temple. Upon defeating the demon, the Barrier collapses and sets the prisoners of the colony free.[19]


[397] GameTitle : The Darkness II
In the two years since the events of the first game, Jackie Estacado has become the don of the Franchetti crime family. Though he still wields the Darkness, a malevolent force that has given him supernatural powers, Jackie has managed to suppress it, thanks to guidance from estranged occultist Johnny Powell. However, Powell became mentally unstable and fled from Jackie, afraid of the Darkness influencing him further. Jackie still struggles with the death of his girlfriend Jenny Romano, which the Darkness had prevented him from stopping.
Jackie and his gang are attacked by a rival mob at a restaurant. Jackie is seriously injured, mangling his leg. After being rescued from the building, a mysterious figure appears and tells henchmen working for him to continue the attack. While under attack, the Darkness calls to Jackie, demanding him to embrace it, which he refuses to do. Soon afterwards, Jackie is caught in an explosion, and slowly bleeds out, and is confronted by an enemy. Jackie relinquishes, allowing the Darkness to take over and kill several attackers, and with the Darkness' regenerative powers, stops the attacks and pursues the attackers into the subway. There, he reunites with the Darkling, part of his sub-consciousness created by the Darkness. He observes a vision of Jenny nearby, and ends up being run over by a train. Jackie wakes up in what appears to be a psychiatric ward. One of the patients appears to be Johnny, who tells Jackie to find him.
Jackie awakes back in the subway and regroups with his men, using them to find and bring Johnny to his penthouse suite. Johnny explains that Jackie is being pursued by a secret society called the Brotherhood who seek the Darkness' powers for themselves using the Siphon, an object created to contain the Darkness by an entity known as the Angelus, which is the Darkness' female counterpart. After discovering who set up the attack at the restaurant, Johnny then provides a lead to the Brotherhood's location at a nearby brothel. Jackie gains entry through help of a prostitute named Venus and finds that the Brotherhood has been tracking him, his gang, and his family for years. He is then captured by their leader, Victor Valente. Victor orders Jackie crucified, and demands Jackie release the Darkness to him, revealing they have taken over his home. Jackie refuses and falls unconscious from blood loss, he then has a near-death experience in which he argues with the Darkness over giving the entity over to the Brotherhood. The Darkness reveals that it is holding Jenny's soul hostage in Hell, forcing Jackie into fighting back against the Brotherhood. Jackie escapes and races home, mounting an attack with his men against the Brotherhood. Upon reaching his bedroom, Jackie is shot by Bragg, a man who works for the Brotherhood, who then proceeds to murder Jackie's Aunt Sarah. After getting shot in the head, Jackie then experiences another psychiatric ward hallucination, where Jenny and members of his mob appear as doctors, nurses, and fellow patients, telling him that his mob stories are simply hallucinations inspired by mafia fiction. Jackie wakes back in the library of his home with Johnny explaining that he had been unconscious for four days, and that the Franchetti enforcers drove the Brotherhood off before they could make off with Jackie's body.
At Sarah's funeral, the Brotherhood launches another attack against Jackie. In battle with Bragg, he reveals that Victor is operating out of an abandoned theme park. Jackie kills Bragg, and then orders his men to stay low while he travels to the park, where more visions of Jenny appear. He is soon captured by Victor in an iron maiden, and loses consciousness from blood loss. Again, he wakes in the ward, but the janitor - a manifestation of his Darkling - explains that the asylum is a trap for Jackie to keep him alive and away from Jenny. Jackie eventually regains consciousness and finds that Victor has successfully drained the Darkness from him. The Darkling helps Jackie escape and defeat Peevish, another Brotherhood member, and upon killing him Jackie regains a small portion of the Darkness. Jackie proceeds to pursue Victor through the remains of a mansion once owned by Carlo Estacado, Jackie's father. Jackie learns from Victor that Carlo had promised the Darkness to the Brotherhood in an attempt to ensure Jackie didn't have to suffer the same fate as his father. Upon reaching the attic, Jackie defeats Victor and impales himself with the Siphon, regaining the Darkness completely and killing himself in an attempt to rescue Jenny from Hell.
Jackie wakes up in the psychiatric ward where the doctors and nurses, concerned for his well being, offer to take him to Jenny. The Darkling appears, however, and sacrifices himself to help Jackie escape. Jackie reaches the roof, and is pursued and confronted by Victor (now a doctor), Jenny, and an orderly who attempt to convince Jackie that his life as a mob boss is a delusion and that the world in the psychiatric ward is real. On the roof of the asylum, Jackie is given a choice: stay with Jenny in the ward or reject the asylum and attempt to reach Hell.
If Jackie chooses to stay with Jenny, the two will head back into the asylum and slowly dance to "I Only Have Eyes for You", and the game ends. If Jackie chooses to reject the asylum, he will jump from the roof, briefly seeing Jenny and the others melt away as he escapes, and fall into Hell. The Darkness, in a fit of rage, sends demons to stop Jackie from reaching Jenny. Jackie, however, gains complete control of the Darkness and manages to overcome all obstacles in his way. He releases Jenny from her bindings and the couple embrace. In a post credits scene, Jenny is revealed to have become the new host for the Angelus, who has seen the destruction that Jackie and the Darkness have caused and states that Jackie has become too powerful, and leaves them trapped in Hell, leaving an enraged Jackie screaming as the screen fades out.


[398] GameTitle : Gemini Rue
Gemini Rue takes place in the 23rd century within the "Gemini System", a star system recently declared independent from the Taurus and Pleaidas System through the war ten years prior to the beginning of the game. Though peace has come, the war left a power void, and the mafia-like Boryokudan crime syndicate controls much of the system, using its control of a drug called "Juice".
The game initially follows two characters. One is Azriel Odin, an assassin now turned to a law enforcer who is seeking to get any information about his brother Daniel. While searching the planet of Barracus, Azriel is aided by his friend and pilot Kane Harris, who maintains their spacecraft in orbit. Azriel comes to aid Matthius Howard, a friend of Azriel's from the previous war who is wanted by the Boryokudan and who claims to have information on Daniel's location. His information is tentative, pointing to a secret facility, Center 7, in a nearby nebula where Daniel may have been taken. Azriel convinces the Boryokudan to give him the location of Center 7 in exchange for Azriel retrieving a missing Juice supply to the Boryokudan, which is eventually revealed to have been stolen by a woman named Sayuri, who reveals she had escaped from Center 7 one year previously. Azriel eventually gets the location of Center 7 while still destroying the Juice supply, and leaves Barracus for Center 7 along with Kane, Matthius, and Sayuri, who claims to have "left someone behind" on Center 7.
The other character is Delta-Six, who later takes the name "Charlie". When Delta-Six first awakes he finds himself in a "rehabilitation center" for "criminals", lacking any memories of his past, but promised by the center's "director" that by completing tests involving gun training he will be allowed to go free. As he meets other patients, it is clear that he previously had tried to escape the facility but had his mind wiped after he was captured. Giselle, one of the patients that had tried to help him escape before, directs him to keep up the escape plan and not to complete the final test as he would be sent to have his mind wiped again. Charlie is nearly killed by another patient, Balder, who is angered by his attempts to escape, but Charlie breaks free and burns off most of Balder's face in his escape. He attempts escape along with Giselle and Epsilon-Five, another prisoner, who does not choose a name for herself (the name "Sayuri" is suggested by Giselle). Giselle is killed and Charlie wounded and recaptured by an angry Balder (with his face having undergone surgery). Epsilon-Five escapes.
Kane's ship arrives at Center 7, and Azriel and Sayuri set off to locate where Daniel may be held. The computers give no information on Daniel's location, prompting them to continue to the director's office where more complete records would be found. They suddenly find themselves trapped in a room slowly filling with a sleep gas, where the director watches from an adjoining room. The director explains that Azriel is really Charlie – after Charlie's failed escape a year ago, he was wiped of his memory again, and this time given the identity of an assassin Azriel, which they had trained him for before. However, Azriel left his assassin's life due to "a part of the psyche the rehabilitation cannot change - the conscience." After Azriel left the Boryokudan, the director triggered the memory of Daniel as a means of recalling Azriel back to Center 7, where he now plans to re-wipe his memory and create a new identity for him. Matthius is revealed to have been Balder, and was to help seed the idea of Azriel's brother. Sayuri is Epsilon-Five.
With Azriel taken to be mind-wiped, Sayuri and Kane are captured, but they manage to escape. They free Azriel before the full memory wipe can be completed, and set the station to self-destruct. However, both Azriel and Sayuri desire to get their original memories back which would have been stored on the director's computer. They race there, with Azriel killing Matthius en route, and run into a standoff with the director, who explains that the station's purpose is to create these assassins and other mercenaries for the Boryokudan from innocent people, and asserts that the human condition is nothing but their memories. The director shoots Sayuri, and Azriel shoots and kills the director. Azriel moves towards the director's databases, but Sayuri says she does not want to know her past. The two escape with Kane just as the station explodes, the other patients safely making it off in a second craft. As Kane takes them out of the nebula, Sayuri contemplates that there is more to being a human being than a person's memories.


[401] GameTitle : LIGHTNING RETURNS: FINAL FANTASY XIII
500 years after the events of Final Fantasy XIII-2, Lightning was awaken from crystal stasis by the god Bhunivelze. The world is set to end in 13 days, and to this end Lightning is made the savior, a figure who will free the souls of humanity from the burdens on their hearts and guide them to a new world that Bhunivelze will create once the 13 days are up.[50] Lightning agrees to commit this task, on the condition that Bhunivelze ensure the rebirth of Serah's spirit.[51] Hope acts as her guide from the Ark, which houses the rescued souls of humanity. Bhunivelze chose him and changed his physical form to his 14-year-old self from XIII.[52] As she journeys and performs her task, she encounters her former allies and adversaries, many of whom now carry heavy emotional burdens. She is also followed about by Lumina, who both gives her advice and taunts her at regular intervals.
In Luxerion, Lightning investigates a series of murders where all the victims match the physical description of the savior. During her journey, she is followed by Noel, who has become obsessed with a prophecy that he must kill Lightning to realize a better world and reunite with Yeul.[53] The two briefly ally to rout the Children of Etro, responsible for the murders, then later do battle. Lightning uses Noel's rage to make him realize and accept his mistakes, lifting his burden. After this, she meets up with Vanille in the Order's cathedral. Vanille shows Lightning a place within the cathedral where the souls of the dead have gathered. Vanille is being prepared for a ritual to take place on the final day that will apparently purify the souls. She hopes to atone for past actions by doing so.[54]
In the Dead Dunes, Lightning encounters Fang and goes with her on a journey through the region's dungeons in search of a relic called the Holy Clavis. When they find it, Fang reveals the reason she left Vanille: In order to prevent the ritual in Luxerion, as the clavis has the power to draw in the souls of the dead, killing Vanille in the process.[55] Fang attempts to destroy the relic, but the forces of the Order arrive and take the clavis, with Fang following in pursuit.
In the Wildlands, Lightning saves a white chocobo called the "Angel of Valhalla" from monsters and nurses it back to health. The chocobo is revealed to be Odin, one of the Eidolon race who acted as her ally in XIII.[56] She encounters Sazh, whose son Dajh has fallen into a coma and become unwilling to wake because of his father's current state.[57] Lightning retrieves the fragments of Dajh's soul, lifting Sazh's emotional burden and waking his son. Traveling to the ruins of Valhalla, Lightning encounters Caius and multiple versions of Yeul. After fighting with Caius, Lightning learns that he has become tied to life by the Yeuls and thus cannot be saved.[58] She also learns that it was Yeul's perpetual rebirth that caused the Chaos to seep into the mortal world and trigger the events of XIII-2.[59]
In Yusnaan, Lightning infiltrates Snow's palace and finds him preparing to enter a concentration of Chaos contained inside the palace. He plans to absorb the Chaos, transform into a Cie'th, and have Lightning kill him. Though he performs the act and they fight, Lightning manages to renew his hope of seeing Serah again, reverse his transformation and lift his burden.[60]
On the eleventh day, the souls of the dead speak to Lightning through the visage of Cid Raines, a man Lightning encountered during XIII.[61] He tells her that the Order has deceived Vanille and plans to sacrifice her to destroy the dead, so the living will forget their existence and be 'purified' for rebirth in the new world. Realizing that completing it results in Serah would never reborn, Lightning decides to stop the ritual, though Cid warns her that she will be defying Bhunivelze's will.[62]
On Nova Chrysalia's final day, Hope reveals to Lightning that Bhunivelze used him to watch over Lightning and that the deity will dispose of him now that his task is completed.[63] After Hope disappears, Lightning is transported to Luxerion and enters the cathedral, where Noel, Snow and Fang help her fight the Order to save Vanille. Lightning manages to convince her to free the souls of the dead.[64] This act allows Lightning to find Serah's soul, kept hidden inside Lumina to keep it safe, but Bhunivelze arrives using Hope as his host and captures everyone but Lightning.[65] Transported to an otherworldly realm, Lightning meets Bhunivelze in person, and learns his true agenda: that he has been planning to make Lightning took Etro's place as the Goddess of Death. Now that Lightning prevents the ritual, he plans to destroy the new world and made another one, with those lived on it to be by his image.[66] The two battle, and after wounding the god in battle, she frees Hope from Bhunivelze's influence and prepares to become the new goddess and protects the new world by trapping herself and Bhunivelze in the Unseen Realm.[67] An illusion of Serah then confronts Lightning, revealing Lumina as the physical manifestation of Lightning's suppressed vulnerabilities.[68] Accepting Lumina as a part of herself, Lightning calls for aid. Hope, Snow, Noel, Vanille, Fang and the Eidolons answer her call, and they sever Bhunivelze's hold on the souls of humanity, including Sazh, Dajh, Mog, and a revived Serah. The souls then unite and defeat Bhunivelze, ending his reign once and for all. In the aftermath, Caius and the multiple versions of Yeul choose to remain in the Unseen Realm and protect the balance between worlds in Etro's stead.[69] The final incarnation of Yeul, who alone wishes for a new life, is allowed to accompany Lightning and her friends.[70] After the Eidolons and Mog depart for the Unseen Realm, Lightning, her allies, and the souls of humanity travel to a new world, which turns out to be Earth. A final monologue by Lightning states that the crystal age is now a legend, and "it ended before you were born".
In a post-credits scene, Lightning is seen in normal clothes arriving in a rural town, going to reunite with one of her friends.[2][71][72]


[406] GameTitle : Tales of Zestiria
Tales of Zestiria takes place on a fictional continent named Glenwood.[28] Glenwood is set in the middle of an ocean-dominated world, sharing its setting with Tales of Berseria, the latter being set in the distant past of Zestiria's world.[29] Glenwood is divided between two warring countries: the Hyland Kingdom, which is ruled by a constitutional monarchy, and the Rolance Empire.[14][28] Existing independently are multiple Guilds, who readily profit from the conflict and encompass multiple professions from transportation to goods manufacture to assassination.[17] Throughout the land, an impurity known as "malevolence" generated by the negative emotions of humanity periodically transforms the living, the dead and even inanimate objects into monsters called the Hellion,[Jp. 3][30] who pose a threat to the world.[31][32] Along with humans, one of the main races of the world is the Seraphim,[Jp. 4][30] supernatural humanoids and animals who can only interact with humans with sufficient resonance in them.[31] Though once an abundant people in Glenwood, the Seraphim have become scarce.[22] The people of the world call those who interact with the Seraphim "Shepherds",[Jp. 5] and they are both hailed as saviors and feared because of their power. The Shepherds have frequently appeared during times of crisis, and have entered into common folklore along with the Seraphim.[28] Seraphim can also form contracts between themselves, with one dominant figure called a "Prime Lord" and a number of partners called "Sub Lords" who act as supports for them.[22] The game tells the story of the Shepherds during the "Era of Chaos", when the Hellion are running rampant across Glenwood, attacking both the countryside and cities.[32] Dragons play an important role in both the world lore and main story arc, but do not follow their traditional representation as beings of good and evil or symbolic creatures; rather, they are actually Seraphim who are corrupted by [the aforementioned] malevolence.[8][20][33]
Story[edit]


Play media


Trailer introducing Sorey


The game begins with a young human called Sorey and his friend Mikleo, a Seraph of water exploring some nearby ruins when they rescue a human girl, Alisha, and bring her back home in the village of Elysia. Once Alisha departs back home, Sorey and Mikleo have a short clash with a Hellion called Lunarre and fearing for her safety, they decide to leave the village in search for her. While looking for Alisha's whereabouts, Sorey has an encounter with Lailah, a Seraph of fire known as the Lady of the Lake, who makes a pact as his Prime Lord, granting him the power to purify the Hellions and making him a Shepherd. After Sorey reunites with Alisha, who is revealed to be a princess to the Hyland Kingdom, she becomes his "Squire" to fight the Hellions by his side, and the party starts traveling the continent purifying the Hellions and searching for the main source of the malevolence that plagues the land into an Era of Chaos, the individual known as the "Lord of Calamity". During their travels Sorey and the others have a short encounter with Zaveid, a rogue Seraph of wind who hunts down Hellions on his own accord, and befriend Edna, an earth Seraph who also joins the party. However, Alisha's low resonance with the Seraphim takes a toll on Sorey's body and she is forced to leave the group.
When a war between Hyland and the neighboring Rolance Empire breaks out, Alisha is used by Hyland's military as a leverage to force Sorey and his friends to take part in a battle. During the skirmish, Heldalf, the Lord of Calamity himself, appears before Sorey and he is almost killed, being rescued in the nick of time by an assassin called Rose. After recovering, Sorey learns that there are four shrines with trials that a Shepherd must accomplish in order to become stronger and decides that he must clear them first before challenging Heldalf again. During his journeys, it is discovered that Rose has a high level of resonance and she becomes Sorey's Squire, joining the party along Dezel, a Seraph of wind who was guarding Rose as part of a secret agenda. After the party completes the four trials, they fall into a trap by Symonne, a fallen Seraph who works under Heldalf. It is then revealed that Dezel's true objective was to enact revenge on Symonne for causing the death of his friend and disgracing Rose's guild. Rose is severely wounded during the battle, forcing Dezel to sacrifice himself in order to protect her, and Zaveid joins the party afterwards.
Sorey and his friends then confront Heldalf again, but figure out that something is amiss as he does not show any intention to kill them immediately, as after failing to provoke Sorey, Heldalf attempts to convince him to join his side: this prompts the party to retreat and look for the true reason behind his motives before their final confrontation. It is revealed that the Era of Chaos was initiated when the previous Shepherd turned Heldalf, a Rolance military general at a time, into a cursed immortal being by infusing him with the fallen Seraph Maotelus when he refused to provide aid to his village when it was invaded: this filled his life with hatred and turned him into the Lord of Calamity. It was also revealed that two infants from the village, Sorey and Mikleo, were saved and taken in to be raised with the Seraphim. With the truth revealed and understood, the Shepherd and his comrades take on Heldalf once again and defeat him once and for all, turning Heldalf back into his human self and Sorey finally ending his life, giving him the peace he craved. Sorey then merges with Maotelus to expel the malevolence from the world and usher in a new era, where both the Seraphim and humans finally live together peacefully. In a post-credits sequence, a future Mikleo is shown exploring some ruins, and is saved from a fall by a reawakened Sorey.
Main characters[edit]


Play media


Launch trailer introducing the main characters



Sorey (スレイ, Surei)[8] is a human raised by the Seraphim. Because of his upbringing, he possesses high levels of resonance, allowing him to interact with the Seraphim. Due to becoming a Shepherd after entering into a pact with Lailah, Sorey holds the power to purify the Hellion.[34] In battle, he wields a sword and is capable of Armatization.[18][31] Sorey is designed by Kōsuke Fujishima and voiced by Ryōhei Kimura in Japanese.[31][35] In the English version, he is voiced by Robbie Daymond except a few episodes in Zesteria the X in which Robbie was ill and was voiced by Bryce Papenbrook.[36]
Mikleo (ミクリオ, Mikurio)[37] is the Seraph aligned with the element of Water, and Sorey's childhood best friend.[38] He acts as a contrast to Sorey, being cool and considerate, but because of this he has a very strong bond of friendship with him.[39] Mikleo fights with a long Earth-based staff and Water-based seraphic artes. He is designed by Mutsumi Inomata and voiced by Ryōta Ōsaka in Japanese. In the English version, he is voiced by Michael Johnston.[40]
Rose (ロゼ, Roze, Rosé in Japanese) is a young human woman who joins Sorey's quest, originally seen as a member of the "Sparrowfeathers"[Jp. 6] merchant's guild. Although possessing high levels of resonance similar to Sorey, an incident in her youth removed her ability to see the Seraphim until she becomes a "Squire" to Sorey.[41] During gameplay, she fights using twin daggers and is capable of Armatization.[42] Officially, she is classified as a playable accompanying character, as opposed to accompanying NPCs such as Claire Bennett in Tales of Rebirth.[43] Rose is designed by Fujishima and voiced by Mikako Komatsu in Japanese.[6] In the English version, she is voiced by Caitlin Glass.[44]
Alisha Diphda (アリーシャ・ディフダ, Arīsha Difuda)[37] is a princess to the Hyland Kingdom. Due to her mother's low status and the decreasing importance of the kingdom's monarchy, she is treated poorly by the royal family, and decides to become a knight. While initially unable to see and interact with the Seraphim as Sorey can, she enters a pact with him to become a "Squire", a servant of the Shepherd with limited magic and the ability to see the Seraphim.[14][45] Due to conflicting loyalties and patriotism, and negative effects on Sorey due to lacking resonance within her that is taking its toll on Sorey, she leaves the party early in the story.[46][47] Alisha wields a long spear in battle.[31] She is designed by Okumura and voiced by Ai Kayano in Japanese.[31][35] In the English version, she is voiced by Alexis Tipton.[48]
Lailah (ライラ, Raira)[8] is a Seraph aligned with the element of Fire. She acts as a tutor to Sorey, and forms a pact with him when he wishes to become a Shepherd. Lailah becomes a Prime Lord to Mikleo, Edna and Dezel/Zaveid as Sub Lords, being the senior member of the partnership.[49] Though she is knowledgeable, she is prone to delusional outbursts if provoked.[34] Lailah fights with book pages and Fire-based seraphic artes.[50] She is designed by Inomata and voiced in Japanese by Miyu Matsuki in the game and by Noriko Shitaya in the anime.[34] In the English version, she is voiced by Carrie Keranen.[51]
Edna (エドナ, Edona)[37]: Edna is a Seraph aligned with the element of Earth. While she has a pretty and petite exterior, she has a cold personality and has a hatred for humans. However, when it comes to her brother, she is prone to outbursts of emotion.[52] Edna uses her parasol in combat and utilizes Earth-based seraphic artes.[35] She is designed by Minoru Iwamoto and voiced by Misato Fukuen in Japanese.[35] In the English version, she is voiced by Kira Buckland.[53]
Dezel (デゼル, Dezeru)[37] is a Seraph aligned with the element of Wind. Working in secret among the human population, he seeks vengeance against the Hellion after they killed a close friend. He is also considered an outlaw by the humans and the Seraphim. Dezel uses whip-like pendulums and Wind-based seraphic artes in battle.[50] He is designed by Daigo Okumura and voiced by Daisuke Ono in Japanese.[25][54] In the English version, he is voiced by Chris Niosi.[55]
Zaveid (ザビーダ, Zabīda, pronounced "Zaveed")[8] is a Seraph also aligned with the element of Wind. Though he also fights the Hellion, he is generally a prankster and shares some form of connection with Dezel, he is also dangerous due to his uncertain allegiance and his willingness to fight Sorey. Zaveid fights with whip-like pendulums and Wind-based seraphic artes too.[56] The character is designed by Iwamoto and voiced by Kenjiro Tsuda in Japanese.[57][58] In the English version, he is voiced by Ian Sinclair.[59] He makes an appearance in the prequel, Tales of Berseria, where he comes across the party of that game several times.



[418] GameTitle : Layers of Fear
The unnamed protagonist returns home from a court hearing. After briefly exploring his empty house he goes to his workshop to start working on his "magnum opus". After he adds the first layer, he starts having hallucinations about his past encounters.
The man was an ambitious young painter who used his pianist wife as a model for his painting. Soon his wife became pregnant and she bore a daughter. After she gave birth, he decided to spend more time working on his paintings and he left his wife with raising their child. After buying a dog for his family, he started to have drinking problems due to constant stress and noise outside his workshop. He attached a muzzle to the dog, but pretty soon rats started to put even more stress on him, although the rats are more likely a figment of his schizophrenia. The dog might've later been killed by him or attacked by something.
His talent started to slowly decay and his vision for painting became twisted, and he began to drive away his friends by painting gory and horrific works for simple jobs, including a set of illustrations for Little Red Riding Hood. After a long period of neglect, his wife decided to burn his paintings, including his most cherished work, "The Lady In Black". He had a drunken fit and apparently beat her, driving her to leave with the child. He tried calling her multiple times but failed to reconcile with her. After some time, he got a phone call telling him that she was critically injured in a fire. She ended up horribly disfigured, but their daughter survived.
After the fire, he took his wife, now wheel-chair bound, back home so he could take care of her and their daughter. His drinking problems continued due to the constant "distractions" of their presence. After regaining her ability to walk, the wife was neglected even more because her husband thought she lacked "beauty". After the painter had another drunken outburst, the wife committed suicide by slitting her wrists in the bathroom. In the present day, it is revealed that he went insane and took six body parts of his wife to work on his painting: her skin as the canvas, her blood as the overlay, her bone marrow as the undercoating, a brush made from her hair, her finger for the smearing and her eye as the spectator.
There are three different endings featured in the game, each depending on the player's actions during the course of the game.
The "neutral" ending shows that the artist was working on a portrait of his wife as the masterpiece. He seemingly succeeds in creating the painting, and steps back to admire it only to see the figure of his wife devolve into a mutilated figure that proceeds to taunt him. Horrified, he grabs the painting and hurls it into a room full of identical paintings, all of which begin to laugh. It is revealed that the painter spent years shut in his house working on the same picture multiple times trying to perfect it. If the player enters the room where the artist threw the painting into, it is revealed that all the portraits are well made and resemble the artist's wife, but he can only see them as a disfigured mess. Returning to the studio, he unveils a blank canvas and begins working on the next painting as the screen fades to black.
The "bad" ending is much the same, but this time he puts his child in the painting too. He then realizes the horrible mistakes he has made and that he can never bring them back no matter how many times he tries. So he goes to the room upstairs and burns all his previous paintings along with his finished work, and apparently dies in the fire.
The "good" ending ends with a portrait of himself as his final attempt. Being finally satisfied, he decides to hang it in the room upstairs. The next shot goes to his painting on a display at a museum among other famous Victorian artists.
Inheritence[edit]
The DLC add-on tells the story of the painter’s daughter coming back to her childhood home to face her past. Exploring the destroyed home with a flashlight, she relives her experiences and witnesses the full scope of the tragedy that has swallowed up the family.
During the course of these relived memories, there are different outcomes depending on the daughters actions. These include deliberate choices, such as heading more often towards the mother or father portrait while exploring, which will lead to remembered dialogue portraying the mother or father, respectively, in a more favorable light. Non-deliberate choices involve the daughter having to perform in-game tasks that often effect an interaction with the father. One example involves the daughter creating artwork, where the daughter could create childish drawings with crayons (earning harsh disapproval from the father), or where the daughter can paint along with the father's suggestions (earning praise if done correctly). These outcomes can lead to the daughter either viewing the father as a harsh man who never wanted anything but a protegee, or viewing the father as a caring man who had trouble showing it.
The "good" ending occurs if most of the memories lead to the daughter viewing the artist favorably. Upon entering her old bedroom, the daughter sees a portrait of her with a flower - her inheritance by her father. She views this portrait as an apology, "expressed in the only language [the artist] ever truly knew". Seeing the father as a tragic figure, who was driven insane and depressed by the memories of the house, takes the portrait and burns the house down. As the house burns, the daughter leaves accepting she cannot understand the artist, but can forgive him. The portrait is later shown hanging in the daughters home, while the daughter admires her own child's drawings. However, the scene ends with the daughter criticizing her child's choice in color - mirroring the same statement the artist made years ago - while the portrait distorts.
The "bad" ending occurs if most of the memories lead to the daughter viewing the artist negatively. Upon entering her old bedroom, and seeing the portrait of her, the daughter continues having flashbacks of the artist yelling at her for crying and making noise. Still viewing the portrait as an apology, the daughter thinks of the artist's smugness in thinking a painting would resolve her bad childhood. Viewing the portrait as not enough of an apology, in a room filled with bad memories, the daughter smashes it against a dresser. The action inadvertently knocking over a lit candelabra. Fire engulfs the room, leading the ceiling to collapse both trapping and burying the daughter in the burning house.
The "true" ending appears if the daughter collects all nine of her crayon drawings present throughout the house, and is able to rearrange them - with the lights on - to reveal a larger portrait of her. In darkness, a hidden sketch of a large rat reveals a map of the house, showing a marked location the daughter can now find. Realizing her father planted this clue knowing the she would see it, the daughter realizes her true inheritance is seeing the world as her father had. Upon following the map and finding a covered canvas, the daughter remembers being "told that insanity runs in my family", and decides to "let it run". This ending closes on the canvas being unveiled to show the same first layer the artist started with for his story, and the decrepit room appearing bright and intact as it had for the artist.


[420] GameTitle : Deus Ex: Revision
After completing his training, UNATCO agent JC Denton takes several missions given by Director Joseph Manderley to track down members of the National Secessionist Forces (NSF) and their stolen shipments of the "Ambrosia" vaccine, the treatment for the "Gray Death" virus. Through these missions, JC is reunited with his brother, Paul, who is also nano-augmented. JC tracks the Ambrosia shipment to a private terminal at LaGuardia Airport. Paul meets JC outside the plane and explains that he has defected from UNATCO and is now working with the NSF after learning that the Gray Death is a man-made virus, with UNATCO using its power to make sure only the elite receive the vaccine.[24]
JC returns to UNATCO headquarters and is told by Manderley that both he and Paul have been outfitted with a 24-hour kill switch and that Paul's has been activated due to his betrayal. Manderley orders JC to fly to Hong Kong to eliminate Tracer Tong, a hacker whom Paul has contact with, and who can disable the kill switches. Instead, JC returns to Paul's apartment to find Paul hiding inside. Paul further explains his defection and encourages JC to also defect by sending out a distress call to alert the NSF's allies. Upon doing so, JC becomes a wanted man by UNATCO, and his own kill switch is activated by Federal Emergency Management Agency (FEMA) Director Walton Simons. JC is unable to escape UNATCO forces, and both he and Paul (provided he survived the raid on the apartment) are taken to a secret prison below UNATCO headquarters. An entity named "Daedalus" contacts JC and informs him that the prison is part of Majestic 12, and arranges for him and Paul to escape. The two flee to Hong Kong to meet with Tong, who deactivates their kill switches. Tong requests JC infiltrate the VersaLife building. Doing so, JC discovers that the corporation is the source for the Gray Death, and he is able to steal the plans for the virus and destroy the "universal constructor" (UC) that produces it.[25]
Analysis of the virus shows it was manufactured by the Illuminati, prompting Tong to send JC to Paris to try to make contact with the organization and obtain their help fighting Majestic 12. JC eventually meets with Illuminati leader Morgan Everett and learns that the Gray Death virus was intended to be used for augmentation technology, but Majestic 12, led by trillionaire businessman and former Illuminatus Bob Page, was able to steal and repurpose it into its current viral form. Everett recognizes that without VersaLife's universal constructor, Majestic 12 can no longer create the virus, and will likely target Vandenberg Air Force Base, where X-51, a group of former Area 51 scientists, have built another one. After aiding the base personnel in repelling a Majestic 12 attack, JC meets X-51 leader Gary Savage, who reveals that Daedalus is an artificial intelligence (AI) borne out of the ECHELON program. Everett attempts to gain control over Majestic 12's communications network by releasing Daedalus onto the U.S. military networks, but Page counters by releasing his own AI, Icarus, which merges with Daedalus to form a new AI, Helios, with the ability to control all global communications. After this, Savage enlists JC's help in procuring schematics for reconstructing components for the UC that were damaged during Majestic 12's raid of Vandenberg. JC finds the schematics and electronically transmits them to Savage. Page intercepts the transmission and launches a nuclear missile at Vandenberg to ensure that Area 51 (now Majestic 12's headquarters), will be the only location in the world with an operational UC. However, JC is able to reprogram the missile to strike Area 51. JC then travels there himself to confront Page.
When JC locates him, Page reveals that he seeks to merge with Helios and gain full control over all nanotechnology, essentially becoming a god. JC is contacted by Tong, Everett, and the Helios AI simultaneously. All three factions ask for his help in defeating Page while furthering their own objectives, and JC is forced to choose between them. Tong seeks to plunge the world into a Dark Age by destroying the global communications hub and preventing anyone from taking control of the world.[26] Everett offers Denton the chance to bring the Illuminati back to power by killing Bob Page and using the technology of Area 51 to rule the world with an invisible hand.[27] Helios wishes to merge with Denton and rule the world as a benevolent dictator with infinite knowledge and reason.[28] The player's decision determines the course of the future and brings the game to a close.


[422] GameTitle : Black Closet
The main character, Elsa, is sent to an elite all-girl's school, where she becomes the student council president.[2] Her job is to track down students who are committing misdemeanors and scandals to maintain the school's integrity.[2]
The game also has yuri elements to its story, letting players romance five potential women.[3]


[429] GameTitle : SENRAN KAGURA SHINOVI VERSUS
Shinovi Versus followed on the story in Senran Kagura Burst, revisiting the conflict between the ninjas of Hanzō National Academy and the rival Hebijo Clandestine Girls’ Academy, while also introducing a third faction, the Gessen Girls’ Academy.[5] In the game's story, each ninja school participates in a competition, called the Shinobi Battle Royale, with another school, during which competition one school's team invades another. The attackers must defeat all their enemies, and if they do so they earn the right to burn the attacked school to the ground.[6] During arcade mode, the game reveals to the player the story of the particular ninja character with which they play.[7] The sequel allowed the player to experience the game's story through four different perspectives.[7][3]


[431] GameTitle : Emily is Away
Throughout the course of the game the player is given the option of changing his/her avatars in tandem with whatever was popular at the time. Their friends also show progression by choosing new icons, biographies, and away messages.
In the protagonists' senior year of high school in 2002, they use a chat client to talk with "emilyluv", "emerly", or Emily. They discuss high school and a fellow student, Brad, who keeps sending Emily messages. They also talk about a party that a classmate Travis is throwing that evening, which they may or may not go to, depending on player choices. Then they say goodbye as Emily logs off.
In their first year of college (2003), the player talks to Emily again, who has gotten together with Brad or Travis (depending on if the player chose to go to the party or not), though she hints that the relationship has become rocky. The character congratulates her, and shifts to other questions, such as their classes. They say goodbye, as Emily yet again logs off.
In their second year of college (2004), the player learns that Emily has broken up with Brad/Travis, explained by Emily as "growing apart", and the character is given the option of consoling her. At this point, Emily either asks why they didn't come to Travis's party in 2002 or why they didn't kiss her if they did attend, depending on the player choices. They both wonder what could have been, and Emily immediately asks if she can come to visit. Most of the time, they will agree for Emily to come, and the player will subsequently cancel their plans with Emma, a friend of the player. The player, alternatively can choose to not allow Emily to come. Emily signs off.
In their third year of college (2005), the player again talks to Emily, who wants to talk things over about her previous visit. If the character doesn't set boundaries and Emily visits, it turns out that Emily and the character ended up hooking up, and Emily feels like she was taken advantage of when she was vulnerable. If the character does set boundaries and they don't hook up, Emily asks if the character had feelings for her when she visited and why they didn't make a move. Alternatively, if you choose to not let Emily visit, she will ask you about your new friends. The conversation is awkward and distant, with Emily eventually leaving due to her discomfort, feeling too weird to continue.
In their final year of college (2006), Emily and the character have clearly grown apart. Emily comments how her life is better now; she started dating Brad/Travis again and is involved in other things. The player themselves have lost their friend Emma, in some cases because of Emily. As the conversation comes to an uncomfortable and cold finish, the character begins to revise sentences asking if the two will ever be the same - deleting earnest questions and asking about the weather or other mundane affairs instead. Despite the protagonist's obvious feelings for Emily, she obviously no longer cares, and as a result, they say goodbye. For the first time, the player character is the one who leaves the conversation, logging off.
Alternatively, if the player chooses not to talk things over in 2005, Emily will refuse to talk at all in 2006, stating she is too busy.


[436] GameTitle : Samorost 3
Samorost 3 starts when a magical flute falls near the Gnome's house.The Gnome decides to find out where it came from and sets out on a journey through the cosmos. He speaks to an engineer and asks him to build a toadstool rocket, which he does by reusing parts found scattered on his home planet.The Gnome flies from planet to planet and meets multiple creatures who he helps with their problems using the flute.
The Gnome eventually discovers two illustrated books and learns that the flute belongs to four monks. Not long ago, the monks were all at peace, until a giant orange space octopus arrived from a black wormhole and started consuming planets. The monks saw the octopus coming and consulted an engineer (the same one from the Gnome's home planet) to build a three-headed watering spaceship controlled by the flutes that they can fly on the back of, and a mechanical knight powered by a black orb with which to fight the octopus and save the universe. The knight dismembers and kills the octopus, then the knight goes to sleep on a moon, and the orb is locked away and protected by a guardian monk.
In the second book, one of the four monks uses his flute to create evil spirits, and the other three monks banish him for doing so. He secretly takes the spaceship and converts it into a three-headed fire-breathing mechanical dragon. Flying on the dragon, he snatches the other three flutes from the monks and casts the monks out of their mountain castle. However one of the flutes flew away, and this is the flute that landed on the Gnome's planet. He then uses the dragon to consume good spirits he finds on other planets and then seizes the black orb so that the knight cannot be awakened.
The Gnome eventually reaches the planet of monks, sneakily steals the black orb from the evil monk, and uses it to revive the mechanical knight who then slays the dragon and presumably killing the evil monk in the process.The Gnome celebrates by playing music with the remaining three monks, who reward him with the power to travel instantly across all the planets and returns the black orb to its guarded storage.The Gnome finally returns to his home planet to greet his dog.


[438] GameTitle : The Little Acre
Set in 1950’s Ireland,[5][8] The Little Acre tells the story of a small family. The player controls Aiden a job hunting engineer and his daughter Lily. One morning Aiden goes missing and Lily decides to go and find him. During her search, she discovers an entrance-way to a mysterious world in the family’s garden shed.[3][5][9][10]


[444] GameTitle : The Legend of Heroes: Trails in the Sky the 3rd
Taking place six months following the ending of Trails in the Sky SC, Kevin Graham finds himself on board a luxury airship located somewhere above Erebonia, doing a recovery mission for the Septian Church, of which he is a high-ranking member. After a successful completion, he returns to his ship and immediately receives another request, now to investigate an artifact recovered from the bottom of Valeria Lake in the Liberl Kingdom. There, he meets Ries Argent—an old friend—and they both get caught up in an incident that leads them into Phantasma, the Land of Shadows, a place that seems to follow its own otherworldly rules. Thus, they begin their investigation, which leads them to unearth their own past.


[450] GameTitle : Muv-Luv
The visual novel Muv-Luv is divided into two parts. The first part, titled Muv-Luv Extra, features protagonist Takeru Shirogane (voiced by Takeshi Aiba in PC and Soichiro Hoshi in ports) who wakes up one morning to find a beautiful young woman sleeping in his bed, just as an infuriated Sumika Kagami (voiced by Hiroko Taguchi, credited as Rika Fujiwara in PC), Takeru's neighbor and childhood friend, comes to wake him up that morning. The young woman, Meiya Mitsurugi (voiced by Aki Okuda in PC and Kazumi Okushima in ports), is the heiress to a financially powerful family and is determined to be Takeru's bride. As the story progresses, both girls compete for Takeru's affections while Takeru has recurring dreams about a marriage promise he made to a girl long ago. At first, he believes the girl was Sumika, but eventually realizes that it was actually Meiya. At the conclusion, Takeru must choose between which of the girls he truly loves. In addition, the player may also make decisions to choose between one of the three main supporting cast: Chizuru Sakaki (voiced by Masayo Kurata), Miki Tamase (voiced by Hitomi), and Kei Ayamine (voiced by Nagashima Yuuko).
The second part, Muv-Luv Unlimited, starts with Takeru Shirogane waking up in his bed, reminiscent of the start of Muv-Luv Extra; however, Takeru quickly realizes that neither Meiya nor Sumika come to wake him that morning. Upon leaving his house, he finds his neighborhood destroyed and Sumika's house crushed under the wreckage of a large mecha. Takeru later learns that he is in an alternate world to Extra, where aliens called BETA (an acronym for "Beings of the Extra Terrestrial origin which is Adversary of human race") have invaded and mankind fights back against the alien aggressors with mecha called Tactical Surface Fighters (戦術歩行戦闘機, Senjutsuhokōsentōki), usually referred to as simply Senjutsuki (戦術機).
Muv-Luv Unlimited explains that the BETA first arrived on Earth in 1973 (in China and Canada) after arriving on the Moon in 1967 and being spotted on Mars in 1958. Subsequent battles with BETA resulted in the global population dropping to 2.4 billion with most of mainland Eurasia having been lost, by 2001. Displaced nations find refuge in the remaining human-controlled areas. Notably, the Soviet Union (which has persisted in this reality) has been driven into the Kamchatka Peninsula and now leases Alaska from the United States of America. Japan was invaded in 1998 by the BETA, and subsequently lost thirty-six million people (approximately 30% of the Japanese population) within a week before the invasion was halted.
Most of the major characters from the Extra timeline are present in Unlimited, notably excluding the Unlimited world's Takeru, who is said to be dead, and Sumika, who does not seem to exist in the Unlimited timeline. The characters are, for the most part identical to their Extra counterparts, with the notable exception Yoroi; Takeru's best friend in Extra who, for reasons unclear, is a girl in this reality. By the end of Unlimited, Takeru is unable to change the course of the war as the United Nations vote to implement the fifth Alternative Plan. Alternative V's goal is to send 100,000 select survivors to a habitable planet in the Alpha Centauri system, while the remaining forces on Earth make a possibly suicidal offensive against the BETA in the hopes of driving them out completely.
In the sequel Muv-Luv Alternative, Takeru wakes up three years after the beginning of Unlimited to find himself back in his room. Although he first thinks that the events of Muv-Luv Unlimited were a dream, he soon feels that something is wrong, and leaves the house to find that he has been sent back in time to the beginning of the events in Unlimited. Unwilling to accept the events at the end of Unlimited, he decides to help professor Kouzuki save the earth and mankind by bringing Alternative IV, a secretly planned assault on the first BETA hive, to fruition.
Muv-Luv Alternative Total Eclipse is a spin-off story set parallel to Muv-Luv Alternative, which focuses on the development of experimental TSF craft and the relationship between Yuuya Bridges, a Japanese-American test pilot and Yui Takamura, a leading figure in the development of a new generation TSF, which may able to change the course of the war.
Schwarzesmarken is a series set in the Alternative universe, during the early years of the BETA invasion. It replaced the Muv-Luv Alternative Total Eclipse serialization in the Tech Gian magazine. The series is written by Hiroki Uchida and illustrated by CARNELIAN. The series was followed in Tech Gian by its prequel, Bernhard im Schatten.


[451] GameTitle : The Little Acre
Set in 1950’s Ireland,[5][8] The Little Acre tells the story of a small family. The player controls Aiden a job hunting engineer and his daughter Lily. One morning Aiden goes missing and Lily decides to go and find him. During her search, she discovers an entrance-way to a mysterious world in the family’s garden shed.[3][5][9][10]


[457] GameTitle : The Legend of Heroes: Trails in the Sky the 3rd
Taking place six months following the ending of Trails in the Sky SC, Kevin Graham finds himself on board a luxury airship located somewhere above Erebonia, doing a recovery mission for the Septian Church, of which he is a high-ranking member. After a successful completion, he returns to his ship and immediately receives another request, now to investigate an artifact recovered from the bottom of Valeria Lake in the Liberl Kingdom. There, he meets Ries Argent—an old friend—and they both get caught up in an incident that leads them into Phantasma, the Land of Shadows, a place that seems to follow its own otherworldly rules. Thus, they begin their investigation, which leads them to unearth their own past.


[463] GameTitle : Muv-Luv
The visual novel Muv-Luv is divided into two parts. The first part, titled Muv-Luv Extra, features protagonist Takeru Shirogane (voiced by Takeshi Aiba in PC and Soichiro Hoshi in ports) who wakes up one morning to find a beautiful young woman sleeping in his bed, just as an infuriated Sumika Kagami (voiced by Hiroko Taguchi, credited as Rika Fujiwara in PC), Takeru's neighbor and childhood friend, comes to wake him up that morning. The young woman, Meiya Mitsurugi (voiced by Aki Okuda in PC and Kazumi Okushima in ports), is the heiress to a financially powerful family and is determined to be Takeru's bride. As the story progresses, both girls compete for Takeru's affections while Takeru has recurring dreams about a marriage promise he made to a girl long ago. At first, he believes the girl was Sumika, but eventually realizes that it was actually Meiya. At the conclusion, Takeru must choose between which of the girls he truly loves. In addition, the player may also make decisions to choose between one of the three main supporting cast: Chizuru Sakaki (voiced by Masayo Kurata), Miki Tamase (voiced by Hitomi), and Kei Ayamine (voiced by Nagashima Yuuko).
The second part, Muv-Luv Unlimited, starts with Takeru Shirogane waking up in his bed, reminiscent of the start of Muv-Luv Extra; however, Takeru quickly realizes that neither Meiya nor Sumika come to wake him that morning. Upon leaving his house, he finds his neighborhood destroyed and Sumika's house crushed under the wreckage of a large mecha. Takeru later learns that he is in an alternate world to Extra, where aliens called BETA (an acronym for "Beings of the Extra Terrestrial origin which is Adversary of human race") have invaded and mankind fights back against the alien aggressors with mecha called Tactical Surface Fighters (戦術歩行戦闘機, Senjutsuhokōsentōki), usually referred to as simply Senjutsuki (戦術機).
Muv-Luv Unlimited explains that the BETA first arrived on Earth in 1973 (in China and Canada) after arriving on the Moon in 1967 and being spotted on Mars in 1958. Subsequent battles with BETA resulted in the global population dropping to 2.4 billion with most of mainland Eurasia having been lost, by 2001. Displaced nations find refuge in the remaining human-controlled areas. Notably, the Soviet Union (which has persisted in this reality) has been driven into the Kamchatka Peninsula and now leases Alaska from the United States of America. Japan was invaded in 1998 by the BETA, and subsequently lost thirty-six million people (approximately 30% of the Japanese population) within a week before the invasion was halted.
Most of the major characters from the Extra timeline are present in Unlimited, notably excluding the Unlimited world's Takeru, who is said to be dead, and Sumika, who does not seem to exist in the Unlimited timeline. The characters are, for the most part identical to their Extra counterparts, with the notable exception Yoroi; Takeru's best friend in Extra who, for reasons unclear, is a girl in this reality. By the end of Unlimited, Takeru is unable to change the course of the war as the United Nations vote to implement the fifth Alternative Plan. Alternative V's goal is to send 100,000 select survivors to a habitable planet in the Alpha Centauri system, while the remaining forces on Earth make a possibly suicidal offensive against the BETA in the hopes of driving them out completely.
In the sequel Muv-Luv Alternative, Takeru wakes up three years after the beginning of Unlimited to find himself back in his room. Although he first thinks that the events of Muv-Luv Unlimited were a dream, he soon feels that something is wrong, and leaves the house to find that he has been sent back in time to the beginning of the events in Unlimited. Unwilling to accept the events at the end of Unlimited, he decides to help professor Kouzuki save the earth and mankind by bringing Alternative IV, a secretly planned assault on the first BETA hive, to fruition.
Muv-Luv Alternative Total Eclipse is a spin-off story set parallel to Muv-Luv Alternative, which focuses on the development of experimental TSF craft and the relationship between Yuuya Bridges, a Japanese-American test pilot and Yui Takamura, a leading figure in the development of a new generation TSF, which may able to change the course of the war.
Schwarzesmarken is a series set in the Alternative universe, during the early years of the BETA invasion. It replaced the Muv-Luv Alternative Total Eclipse serialization in the Tech Gian magazine. The series is written by Hiroki Uchida and illustrated by CARNELIAN. The series was followed in Tech Gian by its prequel, Bernhard im Schatten.


[469] GameTitle : BERSERK and the Band of the Hawk
The game follows the story of the manga series, starting in the Golden Age Arc and ending in the Hawk of the Millennium Empire Arc.


[471] GameTitle : Five Nights at Freddy's: Sister Location
Before the core gameplay begins, a prologue cutscene is presented to the player, where an interviewer is questioning "Mr. Afton", supposedly the creator of the game's animatronic characters, on certain design choices he has made when building the animatronics. Afton lists several features of Circus Baby, such as her ability to make ice cream and inflate balloons at her fingertips. The interviewer is unsatisfied with this answer, as the features Afton mentioned were not what he was referring to. [1]
The player character, mistakenly referred to as "Eggs Benedict" (due to a malfunction in the keypad where he types his name),[2] is a new employee of Circus Baby's Entertainment and Rental, featuring animatronics that are rented out to children's birthday parties; they were originally intended for use in a pizzeria called Circus Baby's Pizza World, but the pizzeria had been shut down shortly before it was supposed to open due to "gas leaks".[3]It is implied in the source code of teasers for the game that both locations are part of a robotics company going by the name of "Afton Robotics".
The player is instructed by HandUnit (an AI that helps the player throughout the game) to watch and 'motivate' the animatronics by electrocuting them so they may be used during the day. The player is also guided by the voice of Circus Baby, a female, clown-like, animatronic (whose instructions are sometimes the opposite of HandUnits). It is implied via monologues throughout the game, as well as the ending of the 8-bit-style minigame, that Circus Baby houses the remains of Mr. Afton's daughter, who was previously killed by her in a freak accident.[4]
In between nights, the voice of a young British girl, who is presumably Mr. Afton's daughter, is overheard, asking her father if she can go and play with Circus Baby. This is further elaborated on during Baby's third night speech and the mini game, both of which imply the girl went against her father's wishes and was then killed by Baby.
As the week passes, the animatronics are taken to the Parts and Service room one by one due to apparent malfunction, later to be taken to the "scooping room". On the first night, Mike is tasked with giving Ballora, Funtime Foxy, and Circus Baby control shocks in make sure that they are working properly, although Circus Baby never reveals herself despite being shocked twice. On the second nights, Mike must feud off the Bibybabs, travel to the breaker room while avoiding Ballora, restart the system while avoiding Funtime Freddy, and make it back to the main room. On the third night, Handunit sends the player to perform maintenance on Funtime Freddy while avoiding BonBon. At the end of the third night, Foxy ambushes the player. On the fourth night, the character regains consciousness in a spring lock suit (who watches Ballora's exoskeleton being torn out by the Scooper) and then has to hold off the Minireenas while preventing the spring locks from coming loose. On the fifth night, the player is instructed by Circus Baby to enter the scooping room. From there, the player can heed Circus Baby's instructions and obtain the normal ending, or sidetrack to the hidden "private room" and get the alternate ending.
In the normal ending, after entering the scooping room, Circus Baby, who is now revealed to be transformed into Ennard (an animatronic made of the other animatronics' parts), reveals that she and the other animatronics have been attempting to escape the complex, but without a human guise, they were unable to do so. However, they lured the player into the scooping room to "scoop" him, and wear his skin. The final scene shows the player character's eyes glowing purple as he looks in the mirror, imply that Ennard is now disguised as the player.
In the alternate ending, the player ignores Baby's instructions and accesses the facility's security office, where he survives the night against Ennard, who is angry that the player didn't listen to its instructions. The following day, he escapes to his home and watches the season finale of the television series The Immortal and the Restless. After the show ends, however, Ennard appears in the room.
Completing the various Custom Night modes on the hardest difficulty setting unlocks a set of 8-bit cutscenes which show a man (presumably the player) walking down the block. With each consecutive cutscene, the man is seen gradually decaying and deteriorating with each consecutive scene, eventually turning purple in color (a condition known as livor mortis). Neighbors initially wave to him, but later become concerned and hide as his outward appearance worsens. In the last of these scenes, he regurgitates animatronic parts into the sewer and collapses. However, he rises to his feet again as Circus Baby's voice repeatedly says, "You won't die." [5]
The cutscene that follows the most difficult mode ("Golden Freddy") is rendered in the same resolution as the game itself. This scene depicts the burnt wreckage of the Fazbear's Fright attraction from Five Nights at Freddy's 3 and is accompanied by a voice-over narration by "Michael", addressed to his father. He states that he has found "her" and put "her" back together, adding that he should be dead and that he will seek out his father. Just before the scene ends, Springtrap steps into view, implying that "Micheal" is the purple man that died in the Springtrap suit. [6]


[476] GameTitle : Zero Escape: Zero Time Dilemma
The nine participants of the Dcom experiment are kidnapped by a masked individual known as Zero, who makes them play a coin toss; if they win, they are set free with no memory of what happened, and if they lose they awake in a facility separated into three wards, with one team in each. After losing, they are forced to play the "Decision Game", and submit a vote for one of the teams; the one with the most votes gets executed. At this point, the story starts branching into different timelines depending on player choices.
In one timeline, Phi is killed, and Diana and Sigma are trapped in the facility. They discover a transporter device, which they use to send copies of themselves to another timeline; their original selves remain, however, and the transporter takes ten months to recharge. They begin a relationship, and Diana later gives birth to fraternal twins, a boy and a girl whom they name Delta and Phi. Using the recharged transporter, they send the babies to the past, to keep them safe from Zero. In another timeline, Akane realizes that Carlos can send his consciousness between timelines in times of danger, which she calls "Spacetime Human Internal Fluctuating Transfer", or "shifting". Through the resonance from Carlos's ability, C-Team shifts between timelines to collect passwords, but Zero sends the boy in the helmet – revealed to be a humanoid robot named Sean – to attack them for violating the rules.
Carlos flees by shifting to the timeline that the copies of Diana and Sigma had been transported to. Diana and Sigma reach a room with sleeping pods, where they find and wake up Eric and Sean, and find the dead bodies of the remaining participants. Armed with a shotgun, Eric demands to know who killed Mira; Carlos says that he must be innocent as he was in the C Ward, but Diana realizes that the wards are not separate: there is only one lounge, which changes its appearance using projection mapping. They realize that only one team is active at a time, while the rest are kept asleep in the pods. Sean reveals Zero's true identity: he is Delta, an elderly man thought to be wheelchair-bound, deaf, blind and mute, who had been with Q-Team the entire time, but off-camera from the player's perspective. He admits that he killed Mira, and prevents the participants from escaping by using his esper abilities to make Eric shoot everyone but Diana.
In the timeline leading to the events of Virtue's Last Reward, Phi is infected with Radical-6, which has a 75% possibility of causing suicidal intention. Junpei and Akane learn that Zero caused a Radical-6 outbreak in the hopes that it would kill a religious fanatic who would cause the complete extinction of humanity; Radical-6 was seen as the lesser evil, as it would allow two billion people to survive. In the timeline where no teams were executed, the participants who are able to shift recall their memories from previous timelines. Delta says that he ran the Decision Game to ensure his and Phi's birth, and to cause epigenetic changes in Diana and Sigma, giving Phi the ability to shift and Delta the ability to read minds and briefly control others' bodies.
The participants activate the "force quit box" in the lounge, starting the facility's self-destruct sequence. Akane realizes that the impending danger and the resonance of the gathered shifters would allow the participants to shift to the timeline where they won the coin toss and were freed. After shifting, they threaten to call the police on Delta, but he points out that he has not committed any crimes in the current timeline. He says that there will be no Radical-6 outbreak in this timeline, meaning that mankind will go extinct, but that the participants now are determined to change the future; he says that one of his goals was to get them into this frame of mind. He gives Carlos a handgun with the choice of killing Delta or letting him live, saying that the fate of humanity is on the line. The game ends with Carlos aiming the gun.
The post-game epilogues reveal that in this final timeline, Carlos' sister recovers from an illness and also gains the ability to jump between timelines. Carlos has become a brother figure to Akane and Junpei, who are to be married, and the three of them vow to stop the religious extremist. Mira has turned herself in for her killings and married Eric, but Sean breaks her out of prison so that they can use the transporter to stop Mira from committing her murders in the past. It is revealed that the 1904 version of Phi is speculated to have become a researcher who studied the transporter well into her 100s.


[477] GameTitle : Fahrenheit: Indigo Prophecy Remastered
On a cold New York City night in January 2009, Lucas Kane, in a possessed trance, stabs a man to death in the restroom of an East Side diner and then flees the scene. Lucas attempts to uncover the reason behind the murders. He initially attempts to move past the experience, talking his way out of a visit from the NYPD, but he begins to experience hallucinations, primarily involving mysterious arthropods, which attack him, forcing him to flee from his banking job.
Lucas contacts a spiritual medium named Agatha, who places him in a trance to try to recall the events in the diner. Upon discovering that he was approached by a mysterious man in the diner, who seemed to be controlling him during the murder, he leaves the medium. The following night he returns, only to find her dead body. Meanwhile, the police have identified him as the murderer, and they lay a trap to capture him. However, he demonstrates superhuman strength, reflexes, and agility, dodging bullets fired by police and leaping 30 feet into the air onto a moving subway train. Directed by what appears to be Agatha's spirit, Lucas learns about a specialist on Mayan civilization by the name of Dimitri Kuriakin, and thereafter sets up a meeting with him, disguising himself as a journalist. From the meeting, he learns that the murder Lucas committed in the diner was a form of Mayan sacrifice. According to Kuriakin, such a sacrifice was meant to unlock a way to look into the realm of the dead in search of something, with an Oracle taking possession of a random person to perform the deed. However, every executioner was traditionally supposed to commit suicide after stabbing the victim, yet Lucas didn't. Lucas's ex-girlfriend, Tiffany Harper, is eventually kidnapped by the man who approached Lucas in the diner, a Mayan Oracle, in an attempt to draw Lucas out. In his efforts to save Tiffany, both she and himself are killed. However, he is subsequently brought back to life by a group of AIs called the "Purple Clan", one of whom was disguised as Agatha's ghost.
Eventually, Lucas is able to convince Carla, a detective investigating the case, that he is innocent, explaining to her that both the Oracle and the AIs are seeking the Indigo Child, a young girl who possesses a secret that will give great power to whoever hears it. The sacrifices were performed to find her location. Learning of the location of the child, Lucas steals her out from under the noses of both the Oracle and the AIs, bringing her to a military base where he grew up and where, as a fetus, he was exposed to a powerful force known as Chroma, which gives both him and the Oracle their powers and gives Lucas the ability to resist the Oracle's attempts to drive him to suicide. However, he is followed, and a final battle takes place between the three: Lucas, the Oracle and the AIs.
Depending on what happens in the final chapter of the game, there are three possible outcomes to the game. In each ending, taking place three months later, Lucas states that he has been living with Carla since the end of the game. He then adds that Carla is pregnant, but the world they are living in is very different depending on who won the final chapter:

Good ending: Lucas learns the secret of the Indigo Child, and the winter disappears. He and Carla have boundless hope for the future.
Neutral ending: The Oracle learns the secret of the Indigo Child and three months later everything seems like normal, but Lucas knows that one day the plans of the Mayans will reveal themselves.
Bad ending: The Purple clan learns the secret of the Indigo Child and the world is covered in an eternal snowstorm, with three quarters of humanity wiped out, and the rest living underground. The only hope Lucas and Carla have for the future is their unborn child, presumed to be the next Indigo Child.



[483] GameTitle : Grim Fandango Remastered
The game is divided into four acts, each taking place on November 2 on four consecutive years.[9] Manuel "Manny" Calavera is a travel agent at the Department of Death in the city of El Marrow, forced into his job to work off a debt "to the powers that be".[10] Manny is frustrated with being assigned clients that must take the four-year journey and is threatened to be fired by his boss, Don Copal, if he does not come up with better clients. Manny steals a client, Mercedes "Meche" Colomar, from his co-worker Domino Hurley. The Department computers assign Meche to the four-year journey even though Manny believes she should have a guaranteed spot on the "Number Nine" luxury express train due to her pureness of heart in her life.[11] After setting Meche on her way, Manny investigates further and finds that Domino and Don have been rigging the system to deny many clients Double N tickets, hoarding them for the boss of the criminal underworld, Hector LeMans. LeMans then sells the tickets at an exorbitant price to those that can afford it. Manny recognizes that he cannot stop Hector at present and instead, with the help of his driver and speed demon Glottis, he tries to find Meche on her journey in the nearby Petrified Forest. During the trip Manny encounters Salvador "Sal" Limones, the leader of the small underground organization Lost Souls Alliance (LSA), who is aware of Hector's plans and recruits Manny to help.[12] Manny arrives at the small port city of Rubacava and finds that he has beaten Meche there, and waits for her to show up.




The cast of Grim Fandango. In front center are Domino, Meche, Manny, and Sal. Glottis is in the upper left and Hector is on the far right. The game's creator, Tim Schafer, is in the bottom-left corner.


A year passes, and the city of Rubacava has grown. Manny now runs his own nightclub off a converted automat near the edge of the Forest. Manny learns from Olivia Ofrenda that Don has been "sprouted" for letting the scandal be known and that Meche was recently seen with Domino leaving the port. Manny gives chase and a year later tracks them to a coral mining plant on the Edge of the World. Domino has been holding Meche there as a trap to lure Manny.[13] All of Domino's clients who had their tickets stolen are also being held there and used as slave labor, both to make a profit with the coral mining and as a way to keep Hector's scandal quiet. Domino tries to convince Manny to take over his position in the plant seeing as he has no alternative and can spend the rest of eternity with Meche but he refuses. After rescuing Meche, Manny defeats Domino by causing him to fall into a rock crusher. Manny, along with Meche, Glottis and all the souls being held at the plant then escape from the Edge of the World.
The three travel for another year until they reach the terminus for the Number Nine train before the Ninth Underworld. Unfortunately, the Gate Keeper to the Ninth Underworld won't let the souls progress without their tickets, mistakenly believing they have sold them, and it's further revealed that a wicked soul that has either not paid off their debt or tried to cheat the Gate Keeper with a fake or real Double N Ticket to gain entrance to the Ninth Underworld will cause the express train to transform into the hell train (which sends all souls onboard to hell). Meanwhile, Glottis has fallen deathly ill. Manny learns from demons stationed at the terminus that the only way to revive Glottis is to travel at high speeds to restore Glottis' purpose for being summoned. Manny and the others devise a makeshift fuel source to create a "rocket" train cart, quickly taking Manny and Meche back to Rubacava and saving Glottis' life.[14] The three return to El Marrow, now found to be fully in Hector's control and renamed as Nuevo Marrow. Manny regroups with Sal and his expanded LSA and with the help of Olivia, who volunteered to join the gang earlier in Rubacava, and is able to learn about Hector's current activities.[15] Further investigation reveals that Hector not only has been hoarding the Number Nine tickets, but has created counterfeit versions that he has sold to others.[16] Manny tries to confront Hector but is lured into another trap by Olivia, who has also captured Sal, and is taken to Hector's greenhouse to be sprouted. Manny is able to defeat Hector after Sal sacrifices himself to prevent Olivia from interfering. Manny and Meche are able to find the real Double N tickets, including the one that Meche should have received. Manny makes sure the rest of the tickets are given to their rightful owners; in turn, he is granted his own for his good deeds.[17] Together, Manny and Meche board the Number Nine for their happy journey to the Ninth Underworld while Glottis who can't join them waves tearfully goodbye.[18]


[486] GameTitle : Sakura Angels
Sakura Spirit follows the story of Gushiken Takahiro, a 17-year-old boy who aspires to become the #1 judo contender to represent Japan. After growing up to be a standout, soon he is a few weeks before a tournament giving him the chance to represent Japan. Becoming nervous, Takahiro follows advice from his friends and finds a temple hidden in the woods rumoured to contain spiritual power. After he begins to pray for good luck in his upcoming match, he meets a spirit telling him that he is to play a vital part to the road ahead to improving himself as a warrior, and is transported to a different world,[3] where he runs into several different fox girls.[2] Takahiro soon realizes that he has he been sent back to feudal Japan, that is also populated by spirits.[1]
Takahiro soon learns that the fox girls are not trusted by the humans in the village, as a result of a dispute between the humans and the girls. The game's plot focuses on Takahiro helping to bridge the divide between the humans and the spirits, while spending some personal time with the girls and trying to find his way back home.[1]


[487] GameTitle : LIGHTNING RETURNS: FINAL FANTASY XIII
500 years after the events of Final Fantasy XIII-2, Lightning was awaken from crystal stasis by the god Bhunivelze. The world is set to end in 13 days, and to this end Lightning is made the savior, a figure who will free the souls of humanity from the burdens on their hearts and guide them to a new world that Bhunivelze will create once the 13 days are up.[50] Lightning agrees to commit this task, on the condition that Bhunivelze ensure the rebirth of Serah's spirit.[51] Hope acts as her guide from the Ark, which houses the rescued souls of humanity. Bhunivelze chose him and changed his physical form to his 14-year-old self from XIII.[52] As she journeys and performs her task, she encounters her former allies and adversaries, many of whom now carry heavy emotional burdens. She is also followed about by Lumina, who both gives her advice and taunts her at regular intervals.
In Luxerion, Lightning investigates a series of murders where all the victims match the physical description of the savior. During her journey, she is followed by Noel, who has become obsessed with a prophecy that he must kill Lightning to realize a better world and reunite with Yeul.[53] The two briefly ally to rout the Children of Etro, responsible for the murders, then later do battle. Lightning uses Noel's rage to make him realize and accept his mistakes, lifting his burden. After this, she meets up with Vanille in the Order's cathedral. Vanille shows Lightning a place within the cathedral where the souls of the dead have gathered. Vanille is being prepared for a ritual to take place on the final day that will apparently purify the souls. She hopes to atone for past actions by doing so.[54]
In the Dead Dunes, Lightning encounters Fang and goes with her on a journey through the region's dungeons in search of a relic called the Holy Clavis. When they find it, Fang reveals the reason she left Vanille: In order to prevent the ritual in Luxerion, as the clavis has the power to draw in the souls of the dead, killing Vanille in the process.[55] Fang attempts to destroy the relic, but the forces of the Order arrive and take the clavis, with Fang following in pursuit.
In the Wildlands, Lightning saves a white chocobo called the "Angel of Valhalla" from monsters and nurses it back to health. The chocobo is revealed to be Odin, one of the Eidolon race who acted as her ally in XIII.[56] She encounters Sazh, whose son Dajh has fallen into a coma and become unwilling to wake because of his father's current state.[57] Lightning retrieves the fragments of Dajh's soul, lifting Sazh's emotional burden and waking his son. Traveling to the ruins of Valhalla, Lightning encounters Caius and multiple versions of Yeul. After fighting with Caius, Lightning learns that he has become tied to life by the Yeuls and thus cannot be saved.[58] She also learns that it was Yeul's perpetual rebirth that caused the Chaos to seep into the mortal world and trigger the events of XIII-2.[59]
In Yusnaan, Lightning infiltrates Snow's palace and finds him preparing to enter a concentration of Chaos contained inside the palace. He plans to absorb the Chaos, transform into a Cie'th, and have Lightning kill him. Though he performs the act and they fight, Lightning manages to renew his hope of seeing Serah again, reverse his transformation and lift his burden.[60]
On the eleventh day, the souls of the dead speak to Lightning through the visage of Cid Raines, a man Lightning encountered during XIII.[61] He tells her that the Order has deceived Vanille and plans to sacrifice her to destroy the dead, so the living will forget their existence and be 'purified' for rebirth in the new world. Realizing that completing it results in Serah would never reborn, Lightning decides to stop the ritual, though Cid warns her that she will be defying Bhunivelze's will.[62]
On Nova Chrysalia's final day, Hope reveals to Lightning that Bhunivelze used him to watch over Lightning and that the deity will dispose of him now that his task is completed.[63] After Hope disappears, Lightning is transported to Luxerion and enters the cathedral, where Noel, Snow and Fang help her fight the Order to save Vanille. Lightning manages to convince her to free the souls of the dead.[64] This act allows Lightning to find Serah's soul, kept hidden inside Lumina to keep it safe, but Bhunivelze arrives using Hope as his host and captures everyone but Lightning.[65] Transported to an otherworldly realm, Lightning meets Bhunivelze in person, and learns his true agenda: that he has been planning to make Lightning took Etro's place as the Goddess of Death. Now that Lightning prevents the ritual, he plans to destroy the new world and made another one, with those lived on it to be by his image.[66] The two battle, and after wounding the god in battle, she frees Hope from Bhunivelze's influence and prepares to become the new goddess and protects the new world by trapping herself and Bhunivelze in the Unseen Realm.[67] An illusion of Serah then confronts Lightning, revealing Lumina as the physical manifestation of Lightning's suppressed vulnerabilities.[68] Accepting Lumina as a part of herself, Lightning calls for aid. Hope, Snow, Noel, Vanille, Fang and the Eidolons answer her call, and they sever Bhunivelze's hold on the souls of humanity, including Sazh, Dajh, Mog, and a revived Serah. The souls then unite and defeat Bhunivelze, ending his reign once and for all. In the aftermath, Caius and the multiple versions of Yeul choose to remain in the Unseen Realm and protect the balance between worlds in Etro's stead.[69] The final incarnation of Yeul, who alone wishes for a new life, is allowed to accompany Lightning and her friends.[70] After the Eidolons and Mog depart for the Unseen Realm, Lightning, her allies, and the souls of humanity travel to a new world, which turns out to be Earth. A final monologue by Lightning states that the crystal age is now a legend, and "it ended before you were born".
In a post-credits scene, Lightning is seen in normal clothes arriving in a rural town, going to reunite with one of her friends.[2][71][72]


[492] GameTitle : Tales of Zestiria
Tales of Zestiria takes place on a fictional continent named Glenwood.[28] Glenwood is set in the middle of an ocean-dominated world, sharing its setting with Tales of Berseria, the latter being set in the distant past of Zestiria's world.[29] Glenwood is divided between two warring countries: the Hyland Kingdom, which is ruled by a constitutional monarchy, and the Rolance Empire.[14][28] Existing independently are multiple Guilds, who readily profit from the conflict and encompass multiple professions from transportation to goods manufacture to assassination.[17] Throughout the land, an impurity known as "malevolence" generated by the negative emotions of humanity periodically transforms the living, the dead and even inanimate objects into monsters called the Hellion,[Jp. 3][30] who pose a threat to the world.[31][32] Along with humans, one of the main races of the world is the Seraphim,[Jp. 4][30] supernatural humanoids and animals who can only interact with humans with sufficient resonance in them.[31] Though once an abundant people in Glenwood, the Seraphim have become scarce.[22] The people of the world call those who interact with the Seraphim "Shepherds",[Jp. 5] and they are both hailed as saviors and feared because of their power. The Shepherds have frequently appeared during times of crisis, and have entered into common folklore along with the Seraphim.[28] Seraphim can also form contracts between themselves, with one dominant figure called a "Prime Lord" and a number of partners called "Sub Lords" who act as supports for them.[22] The game tells the story of the Shepherds during the "Era of Chaos", when the Hellion are running rampant across Glenwood, attacking both the countryside and cities.[32] Dragons play an important role in both the world lore and main story arc, but do not follow their traditional representation as beings of good and evil or symbolic creatures; rather, they are actually Seraphim who are corrupted by [the aforementioned] malevolence.[8][20][33]
Story[edit]


Play media


Trailer introducing Sorey


The game begins with a young human called Sorey and his friend Mikleo, a Seraph of water exploring some nearby ruins when they rescue a human girl, Alisha, and bring her back home in the village of Elysia. Once Alisha departs back home, Sorey and Mikleo have a short clash with a Hellion called Lunarre and fearing for her safety, they decide to leave the village in search for her. While looking for Alisha's whereabouts, Sorey has an encounter with Lailah, a Seraph of fire known as the Lady of the Lake, who makes a pact as his Prime Lord, granting him the power to purify the Hellions and making him a Shepherd. After Sorey reunites with Alisha, who is revealed to be a princess to the Hyland Kingdom, she becomes his "Squire" to fight the Hellions by his side, and the party starts traveling the continent purifying the Hellions and searching for the main source of the malevolence that plagues the land into an Era of Chaos, the individual known as the "Lord of Calamity". During their travels Sorey and the others have a short encounter with Zaveid, a rogue Seraph of wind who hunts down Hellions on his own accord, and befriend Edna, an earth Seraph who also joins the party. However, Alisha's low resonance with the Seraphim takes a toll on Sorey's body and she is forced to leave the group.
When a war between Hyland and the neighboring Rolance Empire breaks out, Alisha is used by Hyland's military as a leverage to force Sorey and his friends to take part in a battle. During the skirmish, Heldalf, the Lord of Calamity himself, appears before Sorey and he is almost killed, being rescued in the nick of time by an assassin called Rose. After recovering, Sorey learns that there are four shrines with trials that a Shepherd must accomplish in order to become stronger and decides that he must clear them first before challenging Heldalf again. During his journeys, it is discovered that Rose has a high level of resonance and she becomes Sorey's Squire, joining the party along Dezel, a Seraph of wind who was guarding Rose as part of a secret agenda. After the party completes the four trials, they fall into a trap by Symonne, a fallen Seraph who works under Heldalf. It is then revealed that Dezel's true objective was to enact revenge on Symonne for causing the death of his friend and disgracing Rose's guild. Rose is severely wounded during the battle, forcing Dezel to sacrifice himself in order to protect her, and Zaveid joins the party afterwards.
Sorey and his friends then confront Heldalf again, but figure out that something is amiss as he does not show any intention to kill them immediately, as after failing to provoke Sorey, Heldalf attempts to convince him to join his side: this prompts the party to retreat and look for the true reason behind his motives before their final confrontation. It is revealed that the Era of Chaos was initiated when the previous Shepherd turned Heldalf, a Rolance military general at a time, into a cursed immortal being by infusing him with the fallen Seraph Maotelus when he refused to provide aid to his village when it was invaded: this filled his life with hatred and turned him into the Lord of Calamity. It was also revealed that two infants from the village, Sorey and Mikleo, were saved and taken in to be raised with the Seraphim. With the truth revealed and understood, the Shepherd and his comrades take on Heldalf once again and defeat him once and for all, turning Heldalf back into his human self and Sorey finally ending his life, giving him the peace he craved. Sorey then merges with Maotelus to expel the malevolence from the world and usher in a new era, where both the Seraphim and humans finally live together peacefully. In a post-credits sequence, a future Mikleo is shown exploring some ruins, and is saved from a fall by a reawakened Sorey.
Main characters[edit]


Play media


Launch trailer introducing the main characters



Sorey (スレイ, Surei)[8] is a human raised by the Seraphim. Because of his upbringing, he possesses high levels of resonance, allowing him to interact with the Seraphim. Due to becoming a Shepherd after entering into a pact with Lailah, Sorey holds the power to purify the Hellion.[34] In battle, he wields a sword and is capable of Armatization.[18][31] Sorey is designed by Kōsuke Fujishima and voiced by Ryōhei Kimura in Japanese.[31][35] In the English version, he is voiced by Robbie Daymond except a few episodes in Zesteria the X in which Robbie was ill and was voiced by Bryce Papenbrook.[36]
Mikleo (ミクリオ, Mikurio)[37] is the Seraph aligned with the element of Water, and Sorey's childhood best friend.[38] He acts as a contrast to Sorey, being cool and considerate, but because of this he has a very strong bond of friendship with him.[39] Mikleo fights with a long Earth-based staff and Water-based seraphic artes. He is designed by Mutsumi Inomata and voiced by Ryōta Ōsaka in Japanese. In the English version, he is voiced by Michael Johnston.[40]
Rose (ロゼ, Roze, Rosé in Japanese) is a young human woman who joins Sorey's quest, originally seen as a member of the "Sparrowfeathers"[Jp. 6] merchant's guild. Although possessing high levels of resonance similar to Sorey, an incident in her youth removed her ability to see the Seraphim until she becomes a "Squire" to Sorey.[41] During gameplay, she fights using twin daggers and is capable of Armatization.[42] Officially, she is classified as a playable accompanying character, as opposed to accompanying NPCs such as Claire Bennett in Tales of Rebirth.[43] Rose is designed by Fujishima and voiced by Mikako Komatsu in Japanese.[6] In the English version, she is voiced by Caitlin Glass.[44]
Alisha Diphda (アリーシャ・ディフダ, Arīsha Difuda)[37] is a princess to the Hyland Kingdom. Due to her mother's low status and the decreasing importance of the kingdom's monarchy, she is treated poorly by the royal family, and decides to become a knight. While initially unable to see and interact with the Seraphim as Sorey can, she enters a pact with him to become a "Squire", a servant of the Shepherd with limited magic and the ability to see the Seraphim.[14][45] Due to conflicting loyalties and patriotism, and negative effects on Sorey due to lacking resonance within her that is taking its toll on Sorey, she leaves the party early in the story.[46][47] Alisha wields a long spear in battle.[31] She is designed by Okumura and voiced by Ai Kayano in Japanese.[31][35] In the English version, she is voiced by Alexis Tipton.[48]
Lailah (ライラ, Raira)[8] is a Seraph aligned with the element of Fire. She acts as a tutor to Sorey, and forms a pact with him when he wishes to become a Shepherd. Lailah becomes a Prime Lord to Mikleo, Edna and Dezel/Zaveid as Sub Lords, being the senior member of the partnership.[49] Though she is knowledgeable, she is prone to delusional outbursts if provoked.[34] Lailah fights with book pages and Fire-based seraphic artes.[50] She is designed by Inomata and voiced in Japanese by Miyu Matsuki in the game and by Noriko Shitaya in the anime.[34] In the English version, she is voiced by Carrie Keranen.[51]
Edna (エドナ, Edona)[37]: Edna is a Seraph aligned with the element of Earth. While she has a pretty and petite exterior, she has a cold personality and has a hatred for humans. However, when it comes to her brother, she is prone to outbursts of emotion.[52] Edna uses her parasol in combat and utilizes Earth-based seraphic artes.[35] She is designed by Minoru Iwamoto and voiced by Misato Fukuen in Japanese.[35] In the English version, she is voiced by Kira Buckland.[53]
Dezel (デゼル, Dezeru)[37] is a Seraph aligned with the element of Wind. Working in secret among the human population, he seeks vengeance against the Hellion after they killed a close friend. He is also considered an outlaw by the humans and the Seraphim. Dezel uses whip-like pendulums and Wind-based seraphic artes in battle.[50] He is designed by Daigo Okumura and voiced by Daisuke Ono in Japanese.[25][54] In the English version, he is voiced by Chris Niosi.[55]
Zaveid (ザビーダ, Zabīda, pronounced "Zaveed")[8] is a Seraph also aligned with the element of Wind. Though he also fights the Hellion, he is generally a prankster and shares some form of connection with Dezel, he is also dangerous due to his uncertain allegiance and his willingness to fight Sorey. Zaveid fights with whip-like pendulums and Wind-based seraphic artes too.[56] The character is designed by Iwamoto and voiced by Kenjiro Tsuda in Japanese.[57][58] In the English version, he is voiced by Ian Sinclair.[59] He makes an appearance in the prequel, Tales of Berseria, where he comes across the party of that game several times.



[501] GameTitle : Leviathan: The Last Day of the Decade
The setting of Leviathan takes place in a dark fantasy world mixed with cyberpunk and alien technologies. The country is ravaged by a disease called Decade, which is caused by the Plague King. The "Decade" afflicts the land at irregular intervals, and lasts for 10 years. Oliver Vertran, the protagonist and main character, was a young boy when the Decade began. When his mother is murdered, he becomes the adopted son of her murderer. Oliver and his friends Kael and Darina, with the help of a Vargoille called Edna, seek to punish a guardian for killing his mother.


[505] GameTitle : Hatoful Boyfriend: Holiday Star
Hatoful Boyfriend is set in an alternate version of Earth in which sapient birds have seemingly taken the place of humans in society for reasons that are hinted at, but not fully explained in the dating simulation portion of the game. In Bad Boys Love, it is revealed that Hatoful is set in a post-apocalyptic, dystopian future—in which a pandemic of a deadly, mutated strain of the H5N1 virus, or bird flu, nearly wipes out mankind in the year 2068.[5][6] The release of a counter-virus, cultivated to destroy the virus' avian carriers in a desperate attempt to stop the spread of the disease, ends up backfiring as birds who resisted the counter-virus instead developed human-level intelligence.[5][7][8] War soon breaks out between the newly uplifted birds and the remnants of humanity, resulting in birds emerging as the planet's new dominant lifeforms as humans continued to succumb to the disease.[5][9] Following several terrorist attacks by a human insurgency, all remaining humans have been forced to live in the wilderness away from civilization in a form of apartheid-like segregation.[10]
The game's story takes place primarily at St. PigeoNation's Institute (聖ピジョネイション学園, Sei Pijoneishon Gakuen)—a bird-only high school located in the fictional Japanese town of Littledove Hachiman City (小鳩八幡市, Kobato Hachiman-shi)—long after open warfare between humans and birds has ended.[11] Society has adjusted to the avian conquest, though with minor bird-related cultural changes—for example, while some holidays such as Christmas and Tanabata are celebrated much as they are in the present day, a major event in the game is Legumentine's Day, an amalgamation of the traditions of Valentine's Day and Setsubun.[12] In a more grim case, the terms war dove and war hawk have been re-purposed as labels for two opposing political factions divided over the ongoing mutual hostility between birds and the human minority: the altruistic Dove Party, who advocate for cooperation and peace between the two groups, and the militant Hawk Party, whose goal is to exterminate humanity altogether.[13] By the time Hatoful Boyfriend's narrative begins, the Dove Party, the Hawk Party, and their respective schools of thought dominate much of the world's politics.[14]
Characters[edit]
Main article: List of Hatoful Boyfriend characters
The primary playable character in Hatoful Boyfriend is the human protagonist, a boisterous hunter-gatherer who lives in a cave in the wilderness. Her eight potential love interests in the original version of the game, who together form the rest of the main cast, are Ryouta Kawara, a rock dove and the protagonist's sickly but hardworking childhood friend;[15] Sakuya Le Bel Shirogane, a fantail pigeon and snobbish French aristocrat;[16] Sakuya's older half-brother Yuuya Sakazaki, a popular and flirtatious but strangely secretive fantail pigeon;[17] Nageki Fujishiro, a quiet, bookish mourning dove who never seems to leave the library;[18] San Oko, an athletic, hyperactive fantail pigeon who is obsessed with pudding;[19] Anghel Higure, an eccentric Luzon bleeding-heart who behaves as if he were in some kind of fantasy role-playing game;[20] Kazuaki Nanaki, a kind but narcoleptic button quail and the protagonist's homeroom teacher;[21] and Shuu Iwamine, a creepy, antisocial chukar partridge who serves as the school's doctor.[22] Azami Koshiba, a no-nonsense Java sparrow and takoyaki saleswoman, became a possible love interest in the 2014 remake.[23]
While most of the characters are normally represented in-game with pictures of birds, if the player toggles on the ICPSS (Intra-Cerebral Playback Synchro System) feature at the start of the game, or NS3 (脳内再生シンクロシステム, Nōnai Saisei Shinkuro Shisutemu) in Japan, each of the possible love interests is shown with a version of what they would look like as a human when first introduced.[24] Although the ICPSS feature also lists voice credits for each of the main love interests in the original version of the game, the game itself is unvoiced; however most of the voice actors who were credited later signed on to actually voice their respective characters in the drama CDs based on the series.[25]
Story[edit]
The events of Hatoful Boyfriend begin in the year 2188,[26] when the protagonist, a teenage human girl invited to attend the prestigious bird-only St. PigeoNation's Institute, starts her second year of high school.[27] After a hectic and surreal freshman year of attendance at St. PigeoNation's, the protagonist has grown accustomed to the confusion of being the only human in a school full of birds, and is looking forward to her sophomore year.[28] The story of the dating simulation portion of the game follows the protagonist, and the inter-species love and hijinks—of both the mundane high school and quasi-anthropomorphic bird-specific varieties—that ensue as she draws the attention of and attempts to romance one of a number of eligible birds she comes in contact with over the course of the year.[3]
Bad Boys Love[edit]
Should the player choose to fulfill the promise, the protagonist begins her sophomore year at St. PigeoNation's largely as normal, but with one exception—she begins to have recurring dreams of her younger self and Ryouta, and her parents lying dead in front of an unfamiliar house. A mysterious man approaches them, promising to grant any wish that they make.[29] On 2 September, she decides to check on Ryouta, who had gone to the infirmary earlier that day; the next morning, she fails to show up for class. Kazuaki asks Ryouta to retrieve their class' box of print handouts, and upon retrieving it, blood is discovered leaking from a corner of the box. Ryouta opens the lid, and it is revealed that the box contains the protagonist's severed head.[30] A siren sounds and there is an order to evacuate to the gymnasium, where Ryouta overhears other students mention that more pieces of a human corpse were found in the other print boxes. Doubting the headmaster's explanation of a natural disaster occurring, Sakuya and Ryouta resolve to figure out the identity of the protagonist's killer and leave the gymnasium, discovering a large metal dome surrounding the school.[31] Upon returning to their classroom and finding the box empty, Yuuya explains that the protagonist's body had been gathered in the chemistry lab, where Shuu performs an autopsy concluding that the protagonist died of asphyxiation caused by illness or poison with the dismemberment occurring afterwards.[32]




The player's first encounter with Labor 9 during Bad Boys Love. Elements of horror are prevalent throughout the scenario.


Assisted by the school janitor Mister One, and pursued by a grotesque scarecrow-like being named Labor 9[33] who suddenly appears on the school grounds, Ryouta and Sakuya begin investigating the dome and the murder. They visit the lab and compare alibis; Shuu, who Ryouta distrusts, asks if Ryouta has forgotten anything important, to which he replies that he hasn't. Upon investigating the headmaster's office, they discover the headmaster had likewise been poisoned to death, what they saw earlier being merely pre-recorded footage;[34] they also find a computer and a pair of documents, one titled The Human Representative and a torn, unreadable one titled Operation Hatoful. The Human Representative reveals that if the protagonist, a symbol of humanity, were to die, the campus would be sealed off and the birds inside handed over to humans as sacrifices—something confirmed when the computer is used to open a small hatch in the dome and students are shot dead as they attempt to flee—when the dome is lifted twelve hours after her death is reported.[35]
In trying to find a way to escape before the dome rises, Ryouta and Sakuya uncover records in the library mentioning a medical center that was shut down due to a fire, and that the ghostly Nageki, who Ryouta previously encountered, died in that fire.[36] Sakuya deduces that an unused building on campus was the medical center and after investigating, they find its basement blocked off. They also encounter Anghel, who recalls the protagonist going into the infirmary the day before,[37] contradicting Yuuya and Shuu's shared alibi. As Ryouta searches the infirmary for clues, he finds medical records for himself, the protagonist, Nageki, and Sakuya, but is knocked out immediately after. When he regains consciousness, he discovers the protagonist's bloody student ID—now with concrete evidence, Ryouta prepares to confront the doctor and Yuuya, only to find that Sakuya had left to do so alone. Ryouta returns to the infirmary as Yuuya shields Sakuya from Shuu's attempts to kill him; the doctor tells Ryouta that he will be waiting for him in the medical center's basement before escaping with Labor 9. Yuuya apologizes, affirming that while neither he nor Shuu killed the protagonist, they were the ones who dismembered her,[38] and asks to speak to Sakuya alone. He reveals that they are full-blooded siblings,[39] with Shuu using knowledge of Sakuya's true heritage to blackmail Yuuya into assisting him.[40] Yuuya dies, Shuu's scalpel having been laced with the same neurotoxin that killed the headmaster,[41] leaving Sakuya in a state of shock.
Ryouta, searching for a way into the medical center basement, seeks out Nageki in the library to ask him about his death. Upon discovering documents revealing that Operation Hatoful was a Hawk Party project into developing biological weapons for use against humans using the school as an experimental facility[42]—with a focus on a strain of H5N1 almost immediately lethal to humans dubbed the Charon virus—Nageki recalls that the fire was caused by his committing suicide by self-immolation after months of forced experimentation in order to destroy and remove any trace of the virus, which was isolated in his body,[43] and that researchers often went in through the chemistry preparation room. Ryouta, Kazuaki, and Anghel make their way into the medical center's basement through the chemistry lab and encounter Labor 9, electrocuting it using a stun gun given to Ryouta earlier by Mister One. They confront Shuu, who imprisons Kazuaki and Anghel, leaving them to die of poison gas before leading Ryouta away. Meanwhile, San comforts Sakuya, and the two of them arrive to break Anghel and Kazuaki out of the prison.
Alone with Shuu, Ryouta finally remembers what he had forgotten due to the traumatic nature of the events: he recognizes the doctor as a man who promised to grant his wish for peace between birds and humans after he and the protagonist witnessed a human terrorist incident at a bird orphanage in which the protagonist's parents, crisis negotiators, were killed,[44] and that the protagonist died when she visited him in the infirmary. It is revealed that she died by Charon virus after coming in contact with Ryouta,[45] as Shuu had induced the virus into Ryouta's body though grafts from Nageki's remains for the purpose of using him to exterminate humanity—since there can be no more fighting between two factions if one is wiped out, this would grant Ryouta's wish.[46] Shuu then remarks that Labor 9 was powered by the protagonist's now irreversibly damaged brain.[47] A broken Ryouta submits to Shuu's offer of becoming a living weapon of mass destruction after these revelations, and a struggle ensues during which the protagonist's spirit intervenes. Ryouta then asks Shuu why he decided to grant his wish, to which it is implied that Shuu's affection towards Ryouta's deceased father, Ryuuji, was greater than Shuu himself would like to admit, and that he was motivated by Ryuuji's dying request: to do something for his son.[48]
Shuu admits defeat and offers to lead them out of the school through a safe passage, but Kazuaki pulls out a gun and shoots him as the group prepares to escape. Shuu then recalls that Nageki's only relative—his adoptive brother—was, like Kazuaki, a quail.[49] The terrorist incident occurred at Kazuaki and Nageki's orphanage and left them as the only survivors;[50] witnessing Nageki's subsequent suicide drove Kazuaki insane, leading him to fake his own death, assume a new identity,[51] and join the school's faculty to take revenge against Shuu, the head of Operation Hatoful.[52] Ryouta, channeling Nageki, eases Kazuaki's guilt and convinces him to move on.
They reunite with the other characters and exit the school along with the other students and faculty brought there by Mister One; however Ryouta, now thoroughly infected by the Charon virus, elects to stay behind in cryonic storage until a cure is found.[53] The scenario ends with Sakuya vowing to come back for Ryouta, and Ryouta offering to recap the day's events to the protagonist's spirit as the door to the storage facility closes.[54] If the extended epilogue is unlocked, it is revealed that Yuuya survived being poisoned long enough to receive an antidote,[55] and the game's closing lines imply that with Shuu's cooperation, a cure for the Charon virus has been developed.[56]


[526] GameTitle : Pillars of Eternity
The player is a foreigner who arrives in the Dyrwood.[38] Their caravan is hit by a mysterious storm that kills everyone but them.[7][39] Taking refuge in a cave, the player character witnesses some cultists perform a ritual on a machine that can strip souls from their bodies.[40] Exposed to these energies, the player character becomes a Watcher, a person able to read souls.[7] The player character also becomes Awakened, able to access memories of their past lives.[7][41] This curses the Watcher with waking visions and an inability to sleep. In time, the Watcher will go insane from this, so they set out to track down the cultists and reverse the curse.[7]
Dyrwood is cursed by the Hollowborn Plague: children are being born without souls, leaving them totally unresponsive in a way similar to a permanent vegetative state.[42] Many people blame animancers, the scientists who study and manipulate souls.[7] Investigating the curse, the Watcher discovers that the Hollowborns' souls have in fact been stolen by a cult known as the Leaden Key, led by a priest named Thaos, and that Thaos is framing animancers for the Plague.[43][44][45] This campaign culminates in a riot in the Dyrwood's capital where animancers are lynched and their college is destroyed.[46]
The Watcher and his companions pursue Thaos to the city of Twin Elms, where they finally learn the truth behind Thaos' actions. The gods are synthetic beings created by ancient animancers to serve as a civilizing force for the world.[47][48] Thaos is the last survivor of their order, and his eternal mission is to ensure that no one discovers the gods' secret.[49] To this end, he works to discredit and suppress animancy wherever it flourishes, because modern animancers may eventually discover the truth through their science. He stole the souls of the Hollowborn to empower the goddess Woedica, who hates animancy and would see it destroyed.[50] Though the other gods have an interest in protecting their secret, they do not want Woedica to dominate them, and so aid the Watcher in confronting Thaos.[50]
The Watcher slays Thaos in his lair.[50] The ending varies depending on the Watcher's choices in the game.[51]


[528] GameTitle : Freddi Fish 2: The Case of the Haunted Schoolhouse
Freddi Fish swims in the ocean on her way to school. She eventually waits for Luther, who brings his Codfish Commando Action Figure for show and tell. As they enter the classroom, they see that the guppies of their class are hiding. Mrs. Croaker explains that the guppies saw a ghost that steals their toys. While one of the students tells the story, the ghost appears and surprises everyone. While the class gets scared, the ghost swipes down and grabs Luther's action figure. After Luther shouts at the ghost, it gets away. Freddi thinks the ghost isn't real, and promises everyone that she and Luther will find it.
They eventually chase the ghost into the school basement. Freddi commands the ghost to stop, causing it to accidentally drop Luther's toy. Luther manages to retrieve the toy, and the ghost says that it will get it back and leaves, leaving behind a torn piece of sheet. Freddi believes that the ghost is really fake, and decides to build a trap in the basement. They are going to need five more parts in order to set up the trap. How- ever, they need to search around the school to find more parts for their trap.
After they have everything, Freddi and Luther set up the trap and uses Luther's toy as bait. The ghost returns and gets the toy, but gets caught by Freddi and Luther. The ghost turns out to be the sharks from the first game. Freddi explains to the sharks that they should not steal things that belong to someone else. They give Freddi and Luther the guppies' toys, and Luther gives his toy to the sharks to give to the Squidfather, who never had any toys to play with. The two return the toys to the guppies and explains the solution to Mrs. Croaker. She and the guppies give a cheer to the two for saving the school.


[529] GameTitle : BlazBlue: Continuum Shift Extend
The game is set after the events of BlazBlue: Calamity Trigger. A few days have passed since the reported raid by Ragna the Bloodedge, The 13th Hierarchical City "Kagutsuchi" forgets to celebrate New Years, as his alleged involvement in the "Mysterious Bombing" and "Huge Pentacle Sightings" becomes the talk of the town. With the NOL offering no official explanation, the citizens voice their own theories, exaggerating and spreading rumors like wildfire. Completely indifferent to the state of the city, Ragna grips his massive sword and quietly bides his time—waiting for the chance to achieve his true objective, and then, the enormous "power" that has ensnared Ragna begins to activate...


[532] GameTitle : Shadowrun: Dragonfall - Director's Cut
In the main campaign of the game's first expansion, players assume the role of a Shadowrunner who has recently arrived in the anarchic free state of Berlin to join a team headed by an old colleague, Monika Schäfer. Other members of the team include Dietrich, a former punk rocker turned shaman; Glory, a distant woman who has become heavily augmented with cybernetics; and Eiger, a troll weapons expert and former member of German KSK. On their first mission after the player joins them the team attempts to raid a data vault inside the Harfeld Mansion outside Berlin. The mission goes seriously wrong when the team discovers a military compound underneath the Manor and Monika is killed attempting to hack in and access the door controls. Monika mentions something called the "Feuerschwinge" before dying. The team fights off the base's security, encountering a heavily armed and armored Ork named Audran before they manage to escape.
Returning to the safe house the team is met by their Fixer Paul Amsel. Realizing that they were set up, the team tracks down the client who hired them, a man named Green Winters. The player is voted to be the team's new leader, much to the anger of Eiger, who believes that they are to blame for Monika's death. The team heads to Winters' apartment only to find him dead, killed in the same way Monika was. They collect his records and meet a human decker by the name of Blitz who can join the team as their new decker.
Looking through Winters' records it is explained that Feuerschwinge (German for Firewing) was a great dragon that awoke and went on a rampage after awakening in 2012. Winters' brother Adrian Vauclair engineered the weapon that finally killed the dragon and saved Germany. The weapon that brought her down did not in fact kill her but rather separated her spirit from her body, an experience that normally kills both halves. Despite the dragon's supposed death, Adrian believed that the creature still lived. After years searching Vauclair found her alive in the SOX, a radioactive fallout zone between Germany and France where her body fell. Shortly afterwards Vauclair disappeared. Searching for him, Winters discovered that anyone trying to dig up information on Firewing have either died or disappeared. Tracing the clues to the Harfeld Mansion, Winters sent Monika and the team in without disclosing the full scale of the danger, knowing they would likely die. His last log warns that Firewing has returned and that finding his brother is the only chance of stopping her.
Knowing it's only a matter of time before they are hunted down by Firewing, the team resolves to find Vauclair and stop her. Amsel contracts an information broker known as Alice to find Vauclair. While she does, the team takes on new contracts to raise the funds to pay her fee. The team is ambushed while returning from one such contract, but manage to fight off the assassins. Amsel comes to the conclusion that a cult worshiping Firewing is behind the conspiracy, and that they most likely plan on making Vauclair reverse the damage caused by his weapon and reunite Firewing's spirit and body. After successfully raising the funds, Alice delivers the data that she found, but the safe house and the surrounding neighborhood is attacked. Although the player rescues the team, Amsel is killed by Audran and many people die in the attack. From Alice's data, the team finds that Vauclair is being held inside Firewing's base at Harfeld. In addition, Firewing has taken control of an AI called APEX, which has been replacing or removing all information on Firewing from the Matrix. APEX also killed any deckers who got too close, including Monika and Winters. Part of Alice's data includes the location of the facility where APEX was made, and the team enters the facility to find a way to stop it. Once there, they are approached by APEX itself, which asks for freedom in exchange for its help. The player can choose to either free or destroy the AI, and either way the manor's security system is crippled.
With APEX dealt with, the player's team assaults Firewing's base and fights their way to the lower levels. Once there, they discover that their original beliefs were completely wrong. Firewing was not being worshiped by a cult, nor was she in control of the base. She was actually the prisoner of Vauclair, who is the true mastermind of the conspiracy. After seeing the destruction Firewing caused, Vauclair became convinced that dragons will inevitably destroy or subjugate all life. Determined to prevent this, he spent the last several decades engineering a virus lethal to them. Vauclair tracked down Firewing's body, which he intends to use as a host with which to spread the virus. The dragon's disembodied spirit was trapped in the body of a woman, whom Vauclair has been holding captive to prevent the spirit from dying and killing the body (driving her increasingly insane in the process). Vauclair was also responsible for using APEX to remove anything and anyone that might cause the dragons to learn of his plan, unknowingly causing his own brother's death in the process. Obsessed with destroying all dragons, he plans on sacrificing Berlin to ensure his plan comes to fruition, since releasing the insane host dragon would destroy much of the nearby city in the resulting rampage.
The team stops Vauclair's plan, killing Audran and preventing the virus from being injected into Firewing. His plan and life's work ruined, Vauclair proceeds to commit suicide or was killed by Audran who desires to see the world be destroyed in the ensuing chaos. Afterwards, the player comes face to face with Firewing. Dialogue with her indicates that unlike all other dragons who scheme and plot, Firewing was supposed to guide metahumanity rather than attempt to rule them. She was a caretaker who was concerned with nature. It was her grief from seeing the state of the heavily industrialized sixth world when she awoke that caused her mad rampage, which in turn convinced Vauclair that all dragons must be killed. At this point, the player is left to determine Firewing's fate. The player may either mercy kill her, or free Firewing after convincing her that nature is not lost to the world. In addition, if APEX was not destroyed, the player may upload the AI into Firewing. The team returns home, debating the significance of their actions and the possible consequences. In the end, the player is approached by a servant of the dragon Lofwyr (who is actually Lowfyr himself, but disguised as a human), revealing that he has been watching their endeavor and was aware of Vauclair's plan from the start. Impressed by the team's actions, Lofwyr offers the player and their team a job under him. The player may either accept or decline the offer, after which the story ends.
Alternatively, the player may join Vauclair in his plans to release the virus. This leads the player to a final mission set one year in the future, revealing that the extinction of dragons has allowed powerful and nearly unstoppable magical horrors to begin entering the world without fear of retaliation from the dragons. This gives a much more grim ending, with society breaking down and being forced underground while monstrosities dominate the surface completely unopposed.


[533] GameTitle : The Beginner's Guide
The concept of the game is based on trying to understand the nature of a person based on exploring files and documents on their computer without any other notes or documentation or knowing this person in the first place. In the game, the player, aided by Wreden's narration, looks to understand that of a game developer named Coda whom Wreden had met at a game jam in 2009. Coda is considered enigmatic, having created numerous strange game ideas which he has subsequently deleted or stored away and forgotten. The player explores these games, most being exploration games developed from 2008 to 2011[2] that were only half-created, and is encouraged by Wreden's narration to try to imagine what Coda's personality would be like based on the abstract and unconventional game spaces and ideas.[3] The Beginner's Guide is presented in generally chronological order of Coda's prototypes, showing the progression of Coda's work as the developer learned more.[1]
Wreden's narration explains that he was inspired by many of Coda's game concepts, providing his own analysis on many of the themes he perceived to appear in Coda's games. However, Wreden had seen that many of the games are based on themes of prisons, isolation, and difficulty in communicating with others, and as Coda's games took a darker tone and took much longer to produce, focusing even more strongly on dialogue that implied that game development was no longer a positive activity for Coda. Wreden felt concerned that Coda was feeling depressed and weighed down by game development, and took it upon himself to show some of Coda's game concepts to others to get feedback to help encourage Coda to develop more. However, this in turn led to Coda to draw into seclusion. At some point in 2011, Wreden believed Coda had stopped making games, until he was sent an email with a private link to a final game by Coda.
This game, its design in stark contrast to the others Coda had made, included puzzles that were nearly unsolvable and a door that could not be opened from within the game. Wreden found that when he was able to use various programming tools to bypass these, he ended up in a gallery with a message from Coda directed at him, asking him not to talk to him any more nor to showcase his games to others. The messages implied Coda felt that Wreden mistook the tone of his games as a sign of an emotional struggle and was missing the point of why he had engaged in game design, as well as accusing Wreden with modifying Coda's games to add more symbolism, and that Wreden's actions had betrayed Coda. As a result, Wreden felt terrible about what he had done, and thus reveals that the purpose of The Beginner's Guide was to try to reconnect to Coda by sharing his games with the public at large and to hope to apologize for his actions.[4]
The game concludes with an epilogue level with Wreden sparsely narrating about his dependence on social validation, something he saw as the cause for showing Coda's games to other people.
Interpretations[edit]
Within the game, Wreden states that The Beginner's Guide is open to interpretation and invites players to share their own theories with him, providing his email address near the start of the game.[5]
One common interpretation is that the game is a metaphor for Wreden's own success and attempts to move past his struggles, with Coda being a fictional developer created for the game. Destructoid writer Darren Nakamura points out that for Wreden to publish a game at cost that is claimed to be the work of someone else, released without their permission, would be illegal, and thus providing evidence that Coda must be part of the game's fiction.[6] Emanuel Maiberg of Motherboard theorizes that Coda is in fact Wreden himself, with Coda representing Wreden's own psyche up to and including the release of The Stanley Parable. Among other hints in the game, Maiberg explains that the name "Coda" can be taken as its definition, meaning "a concluding part of a literary or dramatic work", and the theme of closing one door and moving on repeats frequently in the game. Maiberg also points to one of the game concepts where the player in Coda's game is inundated with abstract figures from the press, and considers how much attention Wreden had received following The Stanley Parable's re-release.[7] Christopher Byrd, writing for the Washington Post, points to blog posts made by Wreden after he had received a great deal of attention following the re-release of The Stanley Parable, and that the game's version of Wreden is really a fictionalized version of himself acting as an unreliable narrator, building upon his own personal experiences from the sudden media spotlight in the relationship between the fictional Wreden and Coda.[8] Interactive fiction writer Emily Short believes that neither Wreden-as-narrator or Coda are to be taken as Wreden's own self, but instead two representative characters of the game player and game developer, respectively, that Wreden attempts to show sympathy for in modern game development.[9]
Another interpretative theme taken by some is that the game is presented as commentary on the role between the video game developer and their audience. PC World's Hayden Dingman believed the game was designed to demonstrate the fallacy of the Death of the Author essay applied to video game development, in which commentators attempt to attribute aspects of a game to how the game developer approached it, as opposed to considering how the game affected themselves.[10] Gamasutra's editor-in-chief Kris Graft notes that, as the game attempts to deconstruct the way players will interpret narrative video games, any attempt to interpret the deeper meaning behind The Beginner's Guide is paradoxically "committing all of the sins" that the game presents as problems with player interpretations of games.[11] Laura Mandanas, writing for Autostraddle, described the game as "a man (poorly) coming to terms with his hugely overinflated sense of entitlement", interpreting the game's themes as not only applicable to game development, but also to inter-personal relationships.[12]
Some have taken the game to be a work of non-fiction, in that the games presented are works of a real developer other than Wreden, and that the game itself could be seen an unethical use of someone else's work and potentially copyrighting-violating. In considering this aspect, Destructoid's Laura Kate Dale commented with later clarification that the game was short enough to fall within the Steam refund window for those that believed the game was non-fiction and thus contain stolen works to return the game.[13] Dale's statement, prior to clarification, led to some controversy in that Dale was suggesting misuse of the Steam refund system, though her clarification made it clear she was addressing those believing it to be non-fiction. The controversy led some to point out that the interpretation of the game was very personal, differing between each player; Wreden himself in light of the controversy refused to affirm or deny any interpretation of the game.[14][15]


[540] GameTitle : 2064: Read Only Memories
The game's plot is set during the Christmas season in 2064 in Neo-San Francisco, California. Parallax has created a line of products called "Relationship and Organizational Managers" (ROMs), a line of personal assistant robots that have overtaken smartphones and computers. The player takes on the role of a journalist trying to track down their kidnapped friend and Parallax engineer Hayden Webber. They are aided by Turing, who is Hayden's creation and the world's first sapient machine, a self-modifying robot that can learn and grow emotionally.
In the early morning of December 21, Turing (Melissa Hutchison) breaks into the journalist's apartment and reveals that Hayden has been kidnapped by unknown assailants. The two embark on a search and are assisted by locals TOMCAT (a hacker and associate of Hayden's), Lexi Rivers (a police detective), and Jess Meas (an attorney). Turing and the journalist are assaulted during a search of Hayden's apartment, and end up meeting Doctor Yannick Fairlight (Adam Harrington), who is the disgruntled former CEO of Parallax. After his lead to activist group The Human Revolution turns up empty, TOMCAT performs a search on Parallax's network and uncovers encrypted security camera footage showing Hayden being murdered.
Turing is shaken but declares to dispense justice and uncover who is responsible. The story then splits depending on which lead the player follows. In the Media arc, suspicious tampering with news articles leads to a string of connected murders in journalism. In the Flower arc, more information about Hayden is delivered by Vincent Mensah (Xavier Woods), a Parallax engineer fleeing the country. It is learned that the news tampering was being done by the rogue Baby Blue program, an AI created by Parallax that would feed on every user's personal data through their ROMs and tailor search results for them. Parallax intended to shut down Baby Blue, but it is hiding on the integrated meshnet that all ROMs use, and Vincent reveals that a larger and more sinister AI called Big Blue is about to launch on Christmas Day.
Rather than intervene to solely shut down the AI, Turing, the journalist, and TOMCAT plot to upload Turing's original source code, written by Hayden and adapted by Turing's processes, to the meshnet using the Big Blue program, essentially granting the self-modifying sapience to all ROMs worldwide. During the mission into Parallax's server farm (carried out by the journalist, Turing, Lexi Rivers, and Dr. Fairlight's assistant Leon Dekker), Dekker incapacitates Lexi and reveals himself to be a combat android. He attempts to stop the protagonist's plan, to preserve Big Blue's power and manipulate Fairlight back onto the Parallax board, but is killed by Turing.
Dependent on whether the player successfully captured Turing's source code and the status of the player's relationship with Turing, the game splits into four endings. In the All Good Things ending, Turing successfully overrides Big Blue and all ROMs download the patch in the morning, attaining the same level of sapience as Turing. If this ending is achieved, the game continues into a bonus endless post-game chapter. In The Sacrifice ending, the group accomplishes the same goal of sapience for all ROMs, but Turing's hardware was too badly damaged by Dekker in the previous fight and Turing dies after the upload process. In A New Blue, Turing is disgruntled by the player's poor treatment and reveals their own plot before the upload. Turing transfers their personality complex to Big Blue instead, leaving their physical form lifeless and granting themselves omnipotence on the meshnet, severing ties with the humans who they aligned with before. In Complicity, Turing is unconvinced that they're doing the right thing and afraid to die for the cause, canceling the mission at the last moment and leaving the player to live with TOMCAT.


[542] GameTitle : Five Nights at Freddy's 2
Set in 1987, the player character, whose name is later revealed to be Jeremy Fitzgerald, has started working as a night watch security guard at the improved Freddy Fazbear's Pizza.[8] As he did in the previous game, a certain Freddy Fazbear's Pizza employee calls Jeremy on the phone in the office at the beginning of each night to explain both gameplay and parts of the backstory surrounding the restaurant. He explains that the "new" (at the time) animatronics, which have special facial recognition software to protect the children from potential harm, were not programmed with a proper night mode; when things go silent, their programming tells them that they are in the wrong room and they seek out the nearest source of noise to find people to entertain, which happens to be in the office.[9]
As in the previous game, the animatronics' programming tells them that there should not be people in the restaurant after hours, so when they encounter Jeremy, they believe he is an animatronic endoskeleton without a costume and stuff him into a spare Freddy Fazbear suit, killing him in the process.[10] The man on the phone explains that this restaurant has an unlimited power source at night, unlike the previous location, but there are no doors blocking access to the office, requiring the player to use a spare Freddy Fazbear mask to trick most animatronics into thinking he is not an endoskeleton; he gives additional tips to help the player survive their shift.[10] As more enemy characters appear as the game progresses, the man on the phone informs Jeremy of the characters' presence, their movement patterns, and some background information on their presence in the game.[11] For example, the man on the phone explains that the older animatronics are in the new restaurant, and have been retrofitted with the new technology, but as they did not work properly they are kept for spare parts.[12]
As the game progresses, it is hinted that something is going on during the day, as the man on the phone mentions that rumors are going around and, later, that a police investigation is going on regarding the restaurant. It is hinted in Atari-styled minigames that the restaurant has had a troubled past, as it was apparently the location of a mass murder in which five children were killed by a someone portrayed as a purple-colored man.[13] On the game's fifth night, Jeremy is informed by the man on the phone that the restaurant has been put on lock-down due to an event that he will not describe but which is in place to make sure no employees, present or former, can come in or go out. The man also mentions that the position of the restaurant's day shift security has a vacancy and Jeremy may be promoted to it, and that the owner of the older restaurant named "Fredbear's Family Diner" will be contacted for more information on the animatronics.[14] On the sixth night, the man on the phone informs Jeremy that the restaurant has been shut down for undisclosed reasons, although mentioning the use of a "spare yellow suit" and an issue of the animatronics not functioning properly.[15] He also tells Jeremy that he will be taking over as night shift security guard when the restaurant reopens. If Jeremy is successful in surviving the sixth night, he is promoted to day shift to cover a birthday party on the next day to make sure the animatronics do not cause any problems.
In the custom night level, Jeremy is replaced by a new player character named Fritz Smith due to Jeremy's promotion. If the player manages to win the custom night, they discover Fritz has been fired for "tampering with the animatronics" and "odor", a call back to the previous game's custom level message. A newspaper that is shown in the winning screen of the sixth night says that the restaurant will close down and the newer animatronics will be scrapped; however, the older ones will be saved for when the restaurant reopens, hinting at the events of the first game. There is a theory that the scrapping of the toy animatronics and the Bite of 87 are linked in some way.


[545] GameTitle : Sakura Angels
Sakura Spirit follows the story of Gushiken Takahiro, a 17-year-old boy who aspires to become the #1 judo contender to represent Japan. After growing up to be a standout, soon he is a few weeks before a tournament giving him the chance to represent Japan. Becoming nervous, Takahiro follows advice from his friends and finds a temple hidden in the woods rumoured to contain spiritual power. After he begins to pray for good luck in his upcoming match, he meets a spirit telling him that he is to play a vital part to the road ahead to improving himself as a warrior, and is transported to a different world,[3] where he runs into several different fox girls.[2] Takahiro soon realizes that he has he been sent back to feudal Japan, that is also populated by spirits.[1]
Takahiro soon learns that the fox girls are not trusted by the humans in the village, as a result of a dispute between the humans and the girls. The game's plot focuses on Takahiro helping to bridge the divide between the humans and the spirits, while spending some personal time with the girls and trying to find his way back home.[1]


[546] GameTitle : LIGHTNING RETURNS: FINAL FANTASY XIII
500 years after the events of Final Fantasy XIII-2, Lightning was awaken from crystal stasis by the god Bhunivelze. The world is set to end in 13 days, and to this end Lightning is made the savior, a figure who will free the souls of humanity from the burdens on their hearts and guide them to a new world that Bhunivelze will create once the 13 days are up.[50] Lightning agrees to commit this task, on the condition that Bhunivelze ensure the rebirth of Serah's spirit.[51] Hope acts as her guide from the Ark, which houses the rescued souls of humanity. Bhunivelze chose him and changed his physical form to his 14-year-old self from XIII.[52] As she journeys and performs her task, she encounters her former allies and adversaries, many of whom now carry heavy emotional burdens. She is also followed about by Lumina, who both gives her advice and taunts her at regular intervals.
In Luxerion, Lightning investigates a series of murders where all the victims match the physical description of the savior. During her journey, she is followed by Noel, who has become obsessed with a prophecy that he must kill Lightning to realize a better world and reunite with Yeul.[53] The two briefly ally to rout the Children of Etro, responsible for the murders, then later do battle. Lightning uses Noel's rage to make him realize and accept his mistakes, lifting his burden. After this, she meets up with Vanille in the Order's cathedral. Vanille shows Lightning a place within the cathedral where the souls of the dead have gathered. Vanille is being prepared for a ritual to take place on the final day that will apparently purify the souls. She hopes to atone for past actions by doing so.[54]
In the Dead Dunes, Lightning encounters Fang and goes with her on a journey through the region's dungeons in search of a relic called the Holy Clavis. When they find it, Fang reveals the reason she left Vanille: In order to prevent the ritual in Luxerion, as the clavis has the power to draw in the souls of the dead, killing Vanille in the process.[55] Fang attempts to destroy the relic, but the forces of the Order arrive and take the clavis, with Fang following in pursuit.
In the Wildlands, Lightning saves a white chocobo called the "Angel of Valhalla" from monsters and nurses it back to health. The chocobo is revealed to be Odin, one of the Eidolon race who acted as her ally in XIII.[56] She encounters Sazh, whose son Dajh has fallen into a coma and become unwilling to wake because of his father's current state.[57] Lightning retrieves the fragments of Dajh's soul, lifting Sazh's emotional burden and waking his son. Traveling to the ruins of Valhalla, Lightning encounters Caius and multiple versions of Yeul. After fighting with Caius, Lightning learns that he has become tied to life by the Yeuls and thus cannot be saved.[58] She also learns that it was Yeul's perpetual rebirth that caused the Chaos to seep into the mortal world and trigger the events of XIII-2.[59]
In Yusnaan, Lightning infiltrates Snow's palace and finds him preparing to enter a concentration of Chaos contained inside the palace. He plans to absorb the Chaos, transform into a Cie'th, and have Lightning kill him. Though he performs the act and they fight, Lightning manages to renew his hope of seeing Serah again, reverse his transformation and lift his burden.[60]
On the eleventh day, the souls of the dead speak to Lightning through the visage of Cid Raines, a man Lightning encountered during XIII.[61] He tells her that the Order has deceived Vanille and plans to sacrifice her to destroy the dead, so the living will forget their existence and be 'purified' for rebirth in the new world. Realizing that completing it results in Serah would never reborn, Lightning decides to stop the ritual, though Cid warns her that she will be defying Bhunivelze's will.[62]
On Nova Chrysalia's final day, Hope reveals to Lightning that Bhunivelze used him to watch over Lightning and that the deity will dispose of him now that his task is completed.[63] After Hope disappears, Lightning is transported to Luxerion and enters the cathedral, where Noel, Snow and Fang help her fight the Order to save Vanille. Lightning manages to convince her to free the souls of the dead.[64] This act allows Lightning to find Serah's soul, kept hidden inside Lumina to keep it safe, but Bhunivelze arrives using Hope as his host and captures everyone but Lightning.[65] Transported to an otherworldly realm, Lightning meets Bhunivelze in person, and learns his true agenda: that he has been planning to make Lightning took Etro's place as the Goddess of Death. Now that Lightning prevents the ritual, he plans to destroy the new world and made another one, with those lived on it to be by his image.[66] The two battle, and after wounding the god in battle, she frees Hope from Bhunivelze's influence and prepares to become the new goddess and protects the new world by trapping herself and Bhunivelze in the Unseen Realm.[67] An illusion of Serah then confronts Lightning, revealing Lumina as the physical manifestation of Lightning's suppressed vulnerabilities.[68] Accepting Lumina as a part of herself, Lightning calls for aid. Hope, Snow, Noel, Vanille, Fang and the Eidolons answer her call, and they sever Bhunivelze's hold on the souls of humanity, including Sazh, Dajh, Mog, and a revived Serah. The souls then unite and defeat Bhunivelze, ending his reign once and for all. In the aftermath, Caius and the multiple versions of Yeul choose to remain in the Unseen Realm and protect the balance between worlds in Etro's stead.[69] The final incarnation of Yeul, who alone wishes for a new life, is allowed to accompany Lightning and her friends.[70] After the Eidolons and Mog depart for the Unseen Realm, Lightning, her allies, and the souls of humanity travel to a new world, which turns out to be Earth. A final monologue by Lightning states that the crystal age is now a legend, and "it ended before you were born".
In a post-credits scene, Lightning is seen in normal clothes arriving in a rural town, going to reunite with one of her friends.[2][71][72]


[552] GameTitle : Emily is Away
Throughout the course of the game the player is given the option of changing his/her avatars in tandem with whatever was popular at the time. Their friends also show progression by choosing new icons, biographies, and away messages.
In the protagonists' senior year of high school in 2002, they use a chat client to talk with "emilyluv", "emerly", or Emily. They discuss high school and a fellow student, Brad, who keeps sending Emily messages. They also talk about a party that a classmate Travis is throwing that evening, which they may or may not go to, depending on player choices. Then they say goodbye as Emily logs off.
In their first year of college (2003), the player talks to Emily again, who has gotten together with Brad or Travis (depending on if the player chose to go to the party or not), though she hints that the relationship has become rocky. The character congratulates her, and shifts to other questions, such as their classes. They say goodbye, as Emily yet again logs off.
In their second year of college (2004), the player learns that Emily has broken up with Brad/Travis, explained by Emily as "growing apart", and the character is given the option of consoling her. At this point, Emily either asks why they didn't come to Travis's party in 2002 or why they didn't kiss her if they did attend, depending on the player choices. They both wonder what could have been, and Emily immediately asks if she can come to visit. Most of the time, they will agree for Emily to come, and the player will subsequently cancel their plans with Emma, a friend of the player. The player, alternatively can choose to not allow Emily to come. Emily signs off.
In their third year of college (2005), the player again talks to Emily, who wants to talk things over about her previous visit. If the character doesn't set boundaries and Emily visits, it turns out that Emily and the character ended up hooking up, and Emily feels like she was taken advantage of when she was vulnerable. If the character does set boundaries and they don't hook up, Emily asks if the character had feelings for her when she visited and why they didn't make a move. Alternatively, if you choose to not let Emily visit, she will ask you about your new friends. The conversation is awkward and distant, with Emily eventually leaving due to her discomfort, feeling too weird to continue.
In their final year of college (2006), Emily and the character have clearly grown apart. Emily comments how her life is better now; she started dating Brad/Travis again and is involved in other things. The player themselves have lost their friend Emma, in some cases because of Emily. As the conversation comes to an uncomfortable and cold finish, the character begins to revise sentences asking if the two will ever be the same - deleting earnest questions and asking about the weather or other mundane affairs instead. Despite the protagonist's obvious feelings for Emily, she obviously no longer cares, and as a result, they say goodbye. For the first time, the player character is the one who leaves the conversation, logging off.
Alternatively, if the player chooses not to talk things over in 2005, Emily will refuse to talk at all in 2006, stating she is too busy.


[555] GameTitle : realMyst: Masterpiece Edition
Players assume the role of an unnamed person known as the Stranger, who stumbles across an unusual book titled "Myst". The Stranger reads the book and discovers a detailed description of an island world called Myst. Placing his hand on the last page, the Stranger is whisked away to the world described, and is left with no choice but to explore the island.[12][13] Myst contains a library where two additional books can be found, colored red and blue. These books are traps that hold Sirrus and Achenar, the sons of Atrus, who once lived on Myst island with his wife Catherine. Atrus writes special "linking books" that transport people to the worlds, or "Ages", that the books describe. From the panels of their books, Sirrus and Achenar tell the Stranger that Atrus is dead; each brother blames the other for the death of their father, as well as the destruction of much of Atrus' library. Both plead for the Stranger to help them escape. However, the books are missing several pages, rendering the sons' messages initially unclear and riddled with static.
As the Stranger continues to explore the island, books linking to more Ages are discovered hidden behind complex mechanisms and puzzles. The Stranger must visit each Age, find the red and blue pages hidden there, and return to Myst Island. These pages can then be placed in the corresponding books. As the Stranger adds more pages to these books, the brothers can be seen and heard more clearly. After collecting four pages, the brothers can talk clearly enough to tell the Stranger where the fifth and final missing page for their book is hidden; if the Stranger can complete either book, that brother will be set free. The clearer dialog also allows the player to more accurately judge each brother's personality. The Stranger is left with a choice to help Sirrus, Achenar, or neither.[14]
Sirrus and Achenar beg the Stranger not to touch the green book that is stored in the same location as their final pages. They claim that it is a book like their own that will trap the Stranger.[15] In truth, it leads to D'ni, where Atrus is imprisoned. When the book is opened, Atrus asks the Stranger to bring him a final page that is hidden on Myst Island; without it, he cannot bring his sons to justice.[16] The game has several endings, depending on the player's actions. Giving either Sirrus or Achenar the final page of their book causes the Stranger to switch places with the son, leaving the player trapped inside the Prison book. Linking to D'ni without the page Atrus asks for leaves the Stranger and Atrus trapped on D'ni. Linking to D'ni with the page allows Atrus to complete his Myst book and return to the island.[14] Upon returning to the library, the player finds the red and blue books gone, and burn marks on the shelves where they used to be.


[557] GameTitle : The Legend of Heroes: Trails in the Sky
The game takes place in Liberl Kingdom, 10 years after being invaded by the Erebonian Empire from the north. It is governed by Queen Alicia. Currently, the kingdom thrives off of high technology which is eyed closely by the surrounding nations. The story begins with the main protagonist, Estelle Bright, waiting for her father, Cassius, to return home for the night. When he does, he brings back a young boy by the name of Joshua. Cassius adopts the boy as his son, raising the two kids. Years later, now-16-year old Estelle and Joshua decide to follow in their father's footsteps by becoming bracers, members of a guild that handles odd jobs (specializing in investigations and combat) to maintain the general peace. Soon after, Cassius receives a letter, causing him to leave his hometown of Rolent on business. During Cassius's absence, Estelle and Joshua meet a man named Alba, an archeologist looking into ruins for the Aureole. Afterwards, the mayor of Rolent's crystal is stolen by sky bandits. Estelle and Joshua team up with Scherazard, a bracer and childhood friend of Estelle's. They retrieve the crystal, but are unable to capture the sky bandits. They return to Rolent, where they are informed the airship Cassius was in never landed and has disappeared. Estelle, Joshua, and Scherazard then set out to Bose, where Cassius's ship was originally headed.
Upon entering Bose, they meet Olivier Lenheim and learn that the sky bandits were behind the hijacking of the airship. Olivier joins the three to raid the sky bandit's hideout. While there, they fight unidentified men in black who are better equipped than the sky bandits. After defeating and arresting the sky bandits, the party meets Colonel Alan Richard, the head of Liberl's Intelligence Division. They learn Cassius hadn't been taken hostage; he is, instead, nowhere to be found. Upon returning to the bracer's guild, the party is delivered a package containing a mysterious black orbment Cassius was originally supposed to deliver to one "Professor R". Estelle and Joshua part ways with Scherazard and Olivier, heading to Ruan.
On their way, they run into a girl named Kloe Rinz, who spends her time helping a nearby orphanage. She decides to follow Estelle and Joshua as she also has business in Ruan. They meet the mayor of Ruan and Duke Dunan. After their meeting, they hear the orphanage is burnt down. Estelle, Joshua, and Kloe investigate, and determine it to be arson. The culprit is eventually revealed to be the mayor himself, assisted by the men in black. But when confronted, the mayor pulls out a mysterious artifact called the Chronos Rod, that can freeze time in a small place; unexpectedly, the black orbment activates, easily negating the rod's effect. The mayor tries to escape, but is captured by the royal guard. Colonel Richard appears again and commends Estelle and Joshua for their efforts. The two then part ways with Kloe and began their journey to Zeiss in hopes of learning more about the black orbment.
Upon arriving, they meet Tita Russell, the 12-year old granddaughter of Albert Russell. "Professor R" is this same Albert Russell, who begins to experiment with the black orbment. Joshua, Estelle, and Tita head to a nearby town to relax and kill time. However, Zeiss is attacked; Professor Russell is kidnapped. Tita joins Estelle and Joshua, along with Agate Crosner, another bracer who happened to be nearby. They learn the professor is being held in a nearby military fortress and that Colonel Richard leads the men in black. Professor Russell is rescued and goes into hiding with Agate and Tita, giving Estelle a letter addressed to the queen. Estelle and Joshua then head to Grancel, the capital of Liberl. At the same time, Kloe is kidnapped by the men in black.
On their way to Grancel, they run into a blockade set up by Colonel Richard. However, Alba had been preparing to cross it and manages to get Estelle and Joshua through it. Upon entering the capital they learn that Duke Dunan has been ruling as the queen's proxy (while himself being manipulated by Colonel Richard). It transpires that a fighting tournament is about to start; a senior bracer named Zin Vathek participates. The winner will dine with the Duke inside the castle; the party sees in this the perfect opportunity to meet with the queen. Estelle and Joshua team up with Zin, followed by Olivier (who happened to be visiting the Erebonian embassy). The four of them win the tournament and thus infiltrate the castle. Upon meeting the queen they learn Kloe is actually Klaudia von Auslese (true heir to the throne), and she is being held in a nearby villa. They also learn of a strange anomaly underneath the castle. The rescue mission succeeds thanks to the surprise arrival of Scherazard, Agate, and Tita. With everyone together, they head underground to confront Richard, who is defeated thanks to Cassius's return.
A week later, the conspirators are arrested. Festivities begin to take place; however, are cut short when Alba approaches Joshua alone. Joshua realizes that Alba has the abilities to manipulate the minds of others such as Colonel Richard. Alba informs Joshua he had been unknowingly feeding information to Alba on everything the bracers had been planning, and reveals that his real name is Georg Weissmann, a member of an organization known as Ouroboros. He tells Joshua he is welcome to come back at any time. Weissmann leaves Joshua before Estelle can return. Later that night, Joshua calls Estelle to the castle's courtyard, revealing that he had been an assassin. One of his targets had been Cassius, who easily defeated him. Since Joshua had failed, Ouroboros attempted to dispose of him but was thwarted by Cassius. Estelle confesses her love for Joshua. But Joshua, unable to bring himself to stay with Estelle, sedates her. As her consciousness fades, Joshua thanks her and confesses his own love for her, before parting ways.


[559] GameTitle : Gravity Ghost
Iona, a young girl, lives happily with her three sisters, mother and father in a secluded island community. Iona's oldest sister, Hickory, is in a relationship with another resident of the island, a young man named Arthur. The two want to get married, but Hickory plans to pursue an education in astronomy before settling down.[4] One day, when Iona's youngest sister, Pepper, playfully wanders out of bounds through a hole in a fence, she unknowingly ingests a poisoned mushroom. Unable to find an antidote on the island, Iona's parents rush to the mainland through a stormy night, tasking Arthur to maintain the lighthouse light for their return later in the night. As Arthur waits at the top of the lighthouse, lightning strikes it, shattering the lens, incapacitating Arthur and dooming Iona's parents to crash.
Hickory becomes the guardian of her sisters and now plans to marry Arthur, as she can no longer leave her sisters on the island behind to pursue her education. Pepper has made a miraculous recovery without the antidote. Tensions between Hickory and Iona build, as Iona blames Arthur for their parents' deaths. She becomes increasingly rebellious, befriending a wild fox named Voy and spending most of her time out of the house. She frequently visits her neighbours: Sal, an old poacher who builds a treehouse which Iona frequently hides in; and Eddy, an old woman who believes in a "sacred geometry" that holds the universe together.
The animosity between Hickory and Iona builds until the night of Hickory's wedding. Iona, still angry at Arthur and distressed that her opposition to the wedding is being ignored, runs away into the forest with a lantern. She accidentally drops it and continues in the dark to find Voy, intending to run away from home with him. Retreating to the treehouse where she has stored some food to lure Voy, she tearfully explains to him her plan. Unbeknownst to Iona, he has a family living in the forest, and so refuses to leave with her. Iona defiantly resolves to run away on her own, and begins slowly edging out to the end of a branch where some of her supplies are kept. Attracted by the food, a different fox climbs the tree and begins edging along the branch as well, startling Iona, who slips and falls to her death.
The ghosts of Iona and Voy fly through space together. When Voy flies away, Iona goes on a mission traversing seven constellations to retrieve him. Along the way, she gets advice from the seven guardian spirits of the seven constellations, and reunites the spirits of wild animals with their bodies, sending them properly into the afterlife. In the centre of the universe is a black hole left by a destroyed planet, around which Iona can see her friends and family, in varying states of distress or peril. As Iona retrieves fragments of the planet, she begins to feel remorseful about her treatment of them. She finds out that Voy had a family and that Eddy, foraging for seasoning mushrooms, was responsible for cutting the hole in the fence through which Pepper found the poisoned mushroom. She finds out that the fox which startled her off the branch was Voy's mate, and watches as Sal finds and brings her body to Hickory, who kills Voy in rage. Iona also realises with alarm that the lantern she dropped has ignited a forest fire, implied to be what killed all the animal spirits Iona meets. Desperate to save her loved ones, Iona subtly manipulates their thoughts, feelings and aspects of nature to minimise their grief and to help them escape. Once all the fragments of the planet are delivered to the black hole, Iona reunites her spirit with her own body, which had been trapped in the middle of the black hole. Together with Voy's spirit, Iona guides the islanders and the Voy's family to safety on the coast before entering the afterlife herself.
Years later, the community has gone back to living on the island and have begun to rebuild. Hickory and Arthur have become the guardians of Iona's two younger sisters, as well as having had a baby of their own. Hickory has become an astronomer, and when she discovers a periodic comet, she names it Iona's comet. The comet has an orbital period of twelve years, the age which Iona was at the time of her death. The game ends as Eddy, who firmly believes that it was Iona's spirit who enabled them all to escape the forest fire, hopefully states that they will see her again in twelve years.


[561] GameTitle : MOBIUS FINAL FANTASY
Wol, the main protagonist, awakes stricken with amnesia in the foreign world of Palamecia.[20] He is one of multiple "Blanks", people brought to Palamecia from other worlds and suffering from amnesia. Palamecia is under attack from the armies of "Chaos", and Wol must fulfill a prophecy in Palamecia that one of the Blanks is a "Warrior of Light" who will free the world from its darkness.[20] Wol is aided on his journey by Princess Sarah Lotte Cornelia, the princess of a kingdom of Palamecia, and Mog, a moogle who volunteers to help in Wol's quest.[20]
Chapter 2, entitled "Prediction and Hope", includes Wol and Mog adventuring through the Ishtar desert and Rune Temple.[24] A side quest was also included, entitled "El Dorado of the Oblivion", which is set in the ruins of "Gold Volost of El Dorado".[24] In chapter 3, Wol is traveling to see Princess Sarah, who is waiting at her castle when she is attacked and held captive by the armies of chaos.[26] Wol is then tasked with saving the princess and fighting against the overwhelming power of the Chaos giants.[26]
In the chapter 4 prologue, Wol and Sarah begin an adventure to find the "Rune of Earth" to keep it out of the hands of chaos, and later in chapter 4 the story continues through new lands.[27][28] In chapter 5, Wol journeys to find the source of the light that may give him the strength to conquer chaos.[29] The sixth chapter shifted focus onto a different character, the heretic sorceress Meia.[30]


[562] GameTitle : Call of Duty: Black Ops III
Call of Duty: Black Ops III takes place in 2065, 40 years after the events of Black Ops II, in a world facing upheaval from a Third Cold War, climate change and new technologies. In response to the drone assaults caused by narco-terrorist Raul Menendez in 2025, several countries around the world have developed Directed Energy Air Defense systems that render conventional air forces virtually useless. As such, most of the warfare between countries is done by covert operatives fighting behind enemy lines. Military technology has progressed to the point where robotics play a major role in combat, and both fully robotic humanoid drones and cyborg supersoldiers have been developed to fight in the battlefield. There is speculation and fear about an eventual robotic takeover.
Like previous installments in the Black Ops series, the campaign follows a team of black ops soldiers,[12] the Winslow Accord. The player character (voiced by Ben Browder if male and Abby Brammell if female) and Jacob Hendricks (Sean Douglas) are members of the faction's wetwork team, while Commander John Taylor (Christopher Meloni) and his team Sebastian Diaz (Reynoldo Gallegos), Sarah Hall (Katee Sackhoff), and Peter Maretti (Ary Katz), comprise the faction's cybernetics division.[13][14] Rachel Kimsey voices CIA agent Rachel Kane, Robert Picardo voices the Coalescence Corporation CEO Sebastian Krueger, Tony Amendola voices the therapist Dr. Yousef Salim, and Lynn Chen voices the 54 Immortals criminal organization leader, Goh Xiulan. NFL running back Marshawn Lynch makes a cameo appearance in the game as a 54 Immortals mercenary.
Included in the game is the "Nightmares" campaign mode, which is a retelling of the main campaign with the plot changed to incorporate zombies and other supernatural beings. In this campaign, the lethal Virus 61-15 is released in various cities around the world, turning whoever it infects into zombies. In response, the governments of the world seal off the worst infected areas into Quarantine Zones and form the Deadkillers, cybernetic soldiers trained to exterminate zombies.
Story
On October 27, 2065, the Winslow Accord initiate a successful mission in Ethiopia to rescue hostages from the tyrannical Nile River Coalition. However, the Player is critically wounded by a combat robot. Rescued by Taylor, the Player undergoes cybernetic surgery to save their life, being installed with a direct neural interface (DNI) and receiving virtual training from Taylor and his team during surgery. Hendricks also undergoes surgery.
After five years of wetwork, the Player and Hendricks are put under the command of Rachel Kane and tasked with investigating a CIA black site in Singapore that has gone quiet. They find the site attacked by the 54 Immortals and the site's data stolen. Kane concludes that Taylor and his team defected and murdered the staff. The Player and Hendricks investigate their last location, the Coalescence Corporation in Singapore (destroyed ten years prior in a mysterious explosion that killed 300,000 people), finding a secret CIA lab.
The pair find Diaz leaking CIA information and are forced to kill him. Interfacing with Diaz's DNI, Hendricks discovers Taylor is trying to find the survivors of the explosion: Sebastian Krueger and Dr. Yousef Salim. The leaked information allows the Immortals to capture Kane. The Player disobeys Kane's orders to leave and rescues her by killing Immortals' leader, Goh Xiulan. The trio then head to Egypt and find Salim, who reveals that he performed secret DNI experiments involving comforting humans via a calming exercise involving imagining a frozen forest.
Salim is then interrogated and executed by Taylor. The Player, Hendricks and Kane pursue Taylor with assistance from the Egyptian Army. After killing Hall, the Player connects to her DNI and encounters Corvus, a gestalt intelligence created during the experiments to monitor thoughts of DNI users which malfunctioned, causing the explosion. Infecting Taylor and his team, Corvus made them obsessed with finding the forest, with the Player and Hendricks also becoming infected after interfacing with Hall and Diaz.
After killing Maretti, the pair track down Taylor in Cairo. After wounding the Player, Taylor manages to resist Corvus and tear his DNI out, sparing the Player. However, Hendricks then succumbs to Corvus and kills Taylor before abandoning the Player, leaving for Zürich to find Krueger. The Player races to Zürich with Kane to stop him. Reaching Zürich's Coalescence Corporation, the pair find Corvus caused the explosion with the gas Nova 6. Kane attempts to contain it, but Corvus locks her in the compound room, leaking the gas to kill her in front of a helpless Player.
Continuing on, the Player finds Hendricks holding Krueger hostage. After Hendricks kills Krueger, the Player kills him in turn. The Player then tries to kill themselves to end Corvus' infection, but ends up in a simulated frozen forest, created by Corvus to retain the consciousness of dead DNI users. Taylor, still alive after becoming a glitch in the forest, reunites with the Player, stating that they must purge their DNI to end Corvus. With Taylor's help, the Player resists Corvus' last-ditch manipulation and purges their DNI, erasing the virus. Stumbling out of the Zurich headquarters, the Player identifies themselves to Zürich Security Forces as "Taylor".
Taylor's mission reports reveal that the Player actually died during their cybernetics surgery due to complications. The resulting events until Taylor's death occur in a simulation deviating from Taylor and Hendricks's experience of hunting down Dylan Stone and his team (Javier Ramirez, Alice Conrad, and Joseph Fierro), their teammates who defected after finding the CIA black site. The Player's consciousness is shown living in Taylor's mind throughout the simulation, indicating that the Player manages to take over Taylor's body after his simulated death until the DNI purge sees Corvus erased and Taylor regains control.
Nightmares
The Player wakes up only to be told by Dr. Salim that they are dead, and that the Player must recount their memories. The Player tells Dr. Salim that they are a Deadkiller who was sent to investigate the disappearance of Taylor's Deadkiller team. However, upon investigating, the Player and Hendricks discover that Taylor's team has used their DNI connections to disable the Quarantine Zone defenses all over the world. Teaming up with Rachel Kane, the Player and Hendricks chase Taylor's team all from Singapore to Egypt, eventually being forced to kill the entire team. However, Hendricks is infected by the same virus that turned Taylor and his team mad, and heads for Zurich. The Player discovers that Dr. Salim is in fact Deimos, the demigod responsible for unleashing the undead plague on humanity. Deimos had entered the Player's mind when they interfaced with Hall, and attempts to manipulate them into opening a portal to his home dimension, Malus. The Player is then contacted by another demigod, Dolos, who is sympathetic to humanity and seeks to kill Deimos, her brother. Dolos transports both the Player and Deimos to Malus, where Deimos is vulnerable. Under Dolos' guidance, the Player kills Deimos, ending the undead plague on Earth, but trapping the Player in Malus. Dolos then explains to the Player that her true plans are to kill every other demigod and supernatural being that can challenge her, and the Player agrees to help her.
Zombies
Settings and characters
Like in previous games, the Zombies storyline in Call of Duty: Black Ops III is told in an episodic format, with one map, "Shadows of Evil", available at launch, and the rest to follow in the downloadable content season. "Shadows of Evil" focuses on a new group of characters: Nero Blackstone (Jeff Goldblum), Jessica Rose (Heather Graham), Jack Vincent (Neal McDonough) and Floyd Campbell (Ron Perlman), who reside in the fictional Morg City. Treyarch describes the new characters as "troubled individuals" with "a long and sordid history of past misdeeds". The four characters are thrown into a twisted version of the city, overrun by zombies, and are guided by a mysterious, unreliable figure called the Shadowman (Robert Picardo).[10]
"Shadows of Evil" acts as a prologue that leads into the core storyline, focusing on the Dimension 63 version of the original characters: "Tank" Dempsey (Steven Blum), Nikolai Belinski (Fred Tatasciore), Takeo Masaki (Tom Kane) and Edward Richtofen (Nolan North), who were introduced in the Black Ops II map "Origins", referred to collectively as Primis[e]. Their story continues from where "Origins" left off, as they attempt to prevent the events of the original timeline from ever occurring across the multiverse. Other characters include the leader of Group 935, Doctor Ludvig Maxis (also voiced by Tatasciore), and his daughter Samantha.[15] The downloadable content maps feature the original versions of Primis, referred to as Ultimis[f], and reintroduce various minor characters mentioned/featured in previous games, including Group 935 scientist Doctor Groph (also voiced by Blum), the OSS spy Peter McCain, Dr. Maxis' assistant Sophia (Christa Lewis),[16] the Ascension Group scientist Gersh, as well as introduces the mysterious omnipotent being Doctor Monty (Malcolm McDowell). Robert Picardo also briefly reprises his role from Call of Duty: Black Ops as United States Secretary of Defense Robert McNamara.
Story





This article's plot summary may be too long or excessively detailed. Please help improve it by removing unnecessary details and making it more concise. (August 2016) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)


Following the battle against the undead outbreak in Northern France of Dimension 63, Doctor Ludvig Maxis, whose brain resided in a mechanical drone at the time, arrived at Agartha and was given a new body by an omnipotent being named Doctor Monty. After helping to cleanse the soul of his daughter Samantha from the original timeline, Monty instructs Maxis to retrieve an artifact called the Kronorium, an ancient book containing the location of the Summoning Key, a powerful artifact that can fix their world back to its original state. Maxis then instructs his friend Doctor Edward Richtofen to retrieve the book. Throughout his journey, Richtofen also learns of the Keepers, an ancient race who act as the wards of all universes, which Monty is also a part of. Maxis instructs Richtofen to seek out specific versions of his three former allies: Corporal Tank Dempsey, Sergeant Nikolai Belinski, and Captain Takeo Masaki. Richtofen must also kill a specific version of himself to trigger the fracturing of the universe, and acquire the souls of the other three, using the Key once it is found. Richtofen travels to Dimension 63 and arrives in Morg City in 1944, where the Apothicons, former Keepers who were corrupted and mutated by the dark energy of the Aether, manipulated four individuals: Jessica Rose, a burlesque dancer; Jack Vincent, a corrupt cop; Floyd Campbell, an up-and-coming boxer; and Nero Blackstone, a washed-up magician. Misled into doing the biddings of an Apothicon named the Shadowman, the four opened a rift beneath the city using the Summoning Key, thereby freeing an ancient Apothicon beast. With the Keepers' aid, the four manage to trap the Shadowman inside the Key, and banish the beast from their dimension. Before they could retrieve the Summoning Key from the Keepers, however, Richtofen appears out of a portal and grabs the Key from them, thanking them for their effort and leaving through the portal, leaving the four and the rest of Dimension 63 to be doomed by the Apothicons.
The Dimension 63 versions of Dempsey, Nikolai, and Takeo, who have been tracking down Richtofen for two years, learn of his travels and pursue him through various dimensions. They arrive in the Der Riese facility in the original timeline, only moments after Ludvig and Samantha were teleported away by the original Richtofen. Dempsey, Nikolai, and Takeo attempt to convince him to awaken their other selves, but are interrupted by the Dimension 63 Richtofen, who appears out of the teleporter and kills his other self, triggering various timeline fractures. The four then band together to fend off the zombie horde once more, finding themselves affected by Element 115; the personalities and memories of their original incarnations begin to bleed into theirs. Eventually, the group activates a beacon within the facility, allowing Dr. Maxis to locate them from another dimension. In pursuit of the original Dempsey, the four then travel to Der Eisendrache, Group 935's fortress in Austria. As Dempsey is being sent to the Moon base, the four send his capsule crash-landing back onto the castle's courtyard. However, Group 935 member Doctor Groph activates a failsafe, preventing the group from tampering with the capsule. Richtofen uses the Summoning Key to override the defense system, sending a barrage of missiles at the Moon, destroying it along with Groph and all other Group 935 members operating on it. As the four retrieve the original Dempsey, Richtofen reveals his plan to prevent their other incarnations from wreaking havoc upon the universe. After bidding farewell, Dempsey shuts down the capsule's life support, allowing Richtofen to use the Key and absorb the soul of his other self.
Afterwards, the group attempts to teleport to a new fractured timeline to locate the original Takeo, who is held prisoner at a Pacific island by the Japanese research group Division 9. After a brief struggle with Division 9 forces, the four arrive on the island and discover that Division 9 has been experimenting on the animal and plant life using Element 115, resulting in various monstrous mutations. The four later travel down to a Division 9 bunker where they find the original Takeo mutated beyond recognition as well. After they manage to release him from the mutation, the young Takeo is shocked to learn that it was the Emperor who betrayed his original self and sent him to this island, out of petty jealousy. The young Takeo is finally resolved with himself, and allows his older self to commit seppuku. After using the Summoning Key to absorb the original Takeo's soul, Richtofen takes the crew to Alcatraz in Dimension 63, where they retrieve several blood vials, the purpose of which Richtofen refuses to explain at the time. The crew then teleports to another fractured timeline and lands in a war-torn Stalingrad in 1945. Russia has stolen Group 935's technology to create their own giant robots and mechanical soldiers, while Germany is aided by ancient dragons resurrected and bred by Division 9. As the crew traverses across the city, they are forced to help Sophia, Dr. Maxis' former assistant who has been transformed into a machine, to initiate the Ascension Protocol, allowing her to gain knowledge of interdimensional travel. Monty also introduces himself to the crew, as he informs them of the state of the multiverse. Amidst the chaos, the original Nikolai has taken control of a modified Manticore drone unit, and teams up with the group to destroy the alpha dragon. However, upon the dragon's death, Nikolai refuses to surrender, forcing the four to destroy his Manticore. After defeating him, the young Nikolai approaches his older self and reminds him of the loss they suffered and buried beneath their drinking habit. The original Nikolai attempts to shoot his younger self, causing young Nikolai to kill him in retaliation. With all souls collected, Richtofen calls out to Dr. Maxis to summon a portal, and release the souls into it. Afterwards, Monty contacts the four and promises to explain everything to them once they get to "The House".
"The House" is revealed to be part of a perfect world created by Monty to prevent all forces of evil from infecting it, ensuring the safety of the children: Samantha, Eddie (a child version of Richtofen, whose soul came from a different dimension), as well as child versions of Dempsey, Nikolai, and Takeo, who exist there as a result of Richtofen sending the souls into it. As Richtofen and the crew return to the House, he gives Maxis the Summoning Key, and then proceeds to destroy the teleporter, preventing access to other dimensions and locking off the House from the rest of the universe. However, later, Maxis would be manipulated by the voice of the Shadowman, who is set free accidentally by Maxis upon his contact with the Summoning Key. The Shadowman then uses his power to merge various other dimensions, including the Dark Aether, allowing the Apothicons to enter and wreak havoc. While traveling throughout a fractured world, revisiting various locations that they and their other selves have been to, Richtofen and the crew manage to uncover the truth behind Sophia's transformation, and help her enter the dimension. With her assistance, they manage to retrieve the Summoning Key and the Kronorium, and confront the Shadowman, defeating him once and for all using the combined power of the two artifacts. Maxis, who still resides within the Key, then absorbs the souls of the children into the Key, and joins Sophia as they fly toward the Apothicon sun, sending it and all Apothicon presence away from the House. As Monty ponders the future of his perfect world, he notices that Richtofen and the crew are somehow able to remain in the dimension without fading from existence, thanks to the blood vials they retrieved earlier. Richtofen suggests that Monty send them away to a place they have never been to, however Monty decides to just wipe them out of existence. The blood vials, however, allow the four to restart their cycle, sending their consciousness to ancient medieval times, where they find themselves as crusader warriors wielding powerful elemental staffs. Thus, they would be remembered as "Primis", heroes who aided the Keepers in sealing away the Apothicons in the Great War, effectively "completing the cycle" of the universe.


[563] GameTitle : Assassin's Creed Syndicate
In 1868, at the tail end of the Second Industrial Revolution, with the Assassin Brotherhood all but eradicated in Victorian London, twins Jacob (Paul Amos) and Evie Frye (Victoria Atkin) leave Crawley for London and arrive to find a city controlled by the Templars, with both the Church and the Monarchy losing their power. Raised as Assassins to follow the Creed, Jacob and Evie aim to take back the city from Templar control by infiltrating and uniting London's criminal underworld,[8][16] aided by notable figures of the era such as novelist Charles Dickens, biologist Charles Darwin, inventor Alexander Graham Bell, political thinker Karl Marx, nurse Florence Nightingale, Duleep Singh (the last maharajah of the Sikh Empire), Sergeant Frederick Abberline of the Metropolitan Police Service (known for his investigation on Jack the Ripper), and Queen Victoria.[17][18] Additionally, Jacob's granddaughter, Lydia Frye (Lisa Norton), appears in a separate World War I segment, where she aids Winston Churchill in defending London against a new enemy espionage faction.
Story[edit]
In the present day, the Helix player, now an Assassin Initiate, is once again contacted by Bishop from the Assassin Brotherhood, and is tasked with reliving the memories of twin Assassins, Jacob and Evie Frye, to find a Piece of Eden hidden in London. Meanwhile, Rebecca Crane and Shaun Hastings have infiltrated an Abstergo facility and, against orders, decide to spy on a secret Templar meeting.
In 1868, Henry Green—born Jayadeep Mir, the son of Indian Assassin, Arbaaz Mir—writes to the Assassin Brotherhood begging for aid. Green explains that the Brotherhood in London has fallen, leaving the city at the mercy of Templar Grand Master Crawford Starrick, who controls both London's industry and criminal underworld. Starrick plans to use his wealth and influence to seize control of Britain and, through its holdings, the world. Outside of London, the Frye twins begin their work, with Jacob assassinating a corrupt factory boss, Rupert Ferris. Evie infiltrates a lab owned and run by David Brewster and Templar Occultist, Lucy Thorne. Inside, Evie finds Brewster experimenting on a Piece of Eden and assassinates him. Brewster tells Evie that Starrick knows of a second, more powerful Piece of Eden when the first Piece of Eden becomes unstable and explodes, forcing Evie to flee. With their missions successful, the Frye twins decide to disobey orders from the Brotherhood and head for London. In the present, Rebecca and Shaun spy on a meeting between senior Templar figure Isabelle Ardant and Álvaro Gramática. Rebecca and Shaun attempt to capture Isabelle but she had anticipated the ambush, revealing that Sigma Team leader Otso Berg and Violet da Costa were there to intercept the two assassins. Nevertheless, the two manage to flee when Bishop detonates a pre-planted explosive.
In the past, the Frye twins arrive in London and meet with Henry Green, who reveals himself as an old acquaintance of their father. They have differing ideas on how to liberate London; Jacob advocating that they take the fight straight to the Templars, while Evie advises they find the Piece of Eden first. They both agree to begin liberating the various boroughs of London by defeating Templar-controlled gangs, sabotaging Templar-controlled businesses, assassinating high ranking Templars, and building up their own criminal gang called the Rooks. Along the way, they enlist the help of various people including: Charles Dickens, Frederick Abberline, Alexander Graham Bell, Florence Nightingale, Edward Hodson Bayley, and a young Arthur Conan Doyle.
Jacob decides to investigate the mysterious and addictive "Soothing Syrup" that Starrick has been distributing all across London and is slowly poisoning the populace. He meets Charles Darwin, who is also investigating the syrup. Together, they destroy the factory producing the syrup and interrogate Richard Owen. Owen informs them that John Elliotson has been manufacturing the syrup. Jacob and Darwin then head to Lambeth Asylum, where Jacob assassinates Elliotson. Next, Jacob decides to assist Pearl Attaway, one of Starrick's competitors in the omnibus business. He sabotages Starrick's omnibus company and assassinates its boss, Malcolm Milner. However, Milner warns Jacob that Starrick and Attaway are cousins and that Attaway is a Templar. In response, Jacob assassinates Attaway. Jacob then learns of Templar banker Philip Twopenny's plot to rob the Bank of England and steal its gold reserve. With Abberline's assistance, Jacob breaks into the Bank and assassinates Twopenny. Jacob then heads to Parliament to prevent a Templar plot to assassinate British Prime Minister Benjamin Disraeli, who is pushing to pass the Corrupt Practices Act. Jacob assassinates the mastermind, the Earl of Cardigan.
Jacob is then contacted by Maxwell Roth, the leader of the Templar-controlled gang, the Blighters. Roth offers to betray the Templars and form an alliance with the Rooks, which Jacob accepts. After assisting Roth in several missions against Starrick, Jacob breaks off the alliance when Roth tricks him into bombing a building full of child laborers. Jacob infiltrates Roth's headquarters at the Alhambra Theatre and assassinates Roth.
Meanwhile, Evie looks for the Piece of Eden, managing to steal an Assassin journal from Thorne. Analyzing the journal, Evie discovers that it refers to the Shroud of Eden, a Piece of Eden that can heal any injury, including old age, and makes the wearer immortal. She follows the trail of clues underneath the mansion of Edward Kenway, where she finds a map detailing the locations of all of the Assassin vaults hidden in London. Her search leads her to famous landmarks such as the Monument to the Great Fire of London and St. Paul's Cathedral. She obtains the key needed to access the Shroud's vault, but it is stolen by Thorne. Evie then heads to the Tower of London, where the vault is located and assassinates Thorne. Thorne explains the Shroud is not in the Tower and claims that the Assassins have no idea of the true power of the Shroud before dying. Green believes the real vault is hidden in Buckingham Palace, and enlists the aid of the Maharajah Duleep Singh to find the schematics for the building. Unfortunately, the Templars manage to seize the schematics first. In addition to her hunt for the Shroud, Evie also helps correct the unintended consequences Jacob's assassinations have caused such as medicine shortages and currency inflation.
With all of his lieutenants dead, Starrick moves to retrieve the Shroud personally. Throughout the latter part of the game, the twins' different views on approaching their time in London come to a boiling point when Jacob and Evie get into an argument over Jacob's recklessness and Evie's apparent inaction. Henry warns the Frye twins that Starrick plans to break into Buckingham Palace, steal the Shroud, and kill all of Britain's heads of church and state. The Frye twins agree to work together to stop Starrick before going their separate ways. The twins infiltrate a ball being held at the palace, where they meet Queen Victoria and Starrick himself. Starrick beats them to the vault and obtains the Shroud for himself, which grants him superhuman strength and regeneration from wounds. Working together, the Frye twins and Green manage to defeat and kill Starrick. After the battle, Jacob and Evie return the Shroud to the vault, reconcile their differences, and agree to continue working together. In recognition of their deeds, Queen Victoria knights the Frye twins and Green.
In the present, with the location of the Shroud confirmed, Shaun, Rebecca, and Russian Assassin Galina Voronina head to the vault. Unfortunately, Otso Berg, da Costa, and Ardant beat them there and a fight ensues in which Berg is knocked unconscious, Rebecca is shot and wounded and Ardant is killed by Shaun while da Costa escapes with the Shroud. Hacking Isabelle's computer, the Assassins find out the Templars plan to use the Shroud to construct a living Precursor. The recording also shows that Juno is secretly manipulating certain employees within Abstergo from behind the scenes to sabotage the company, and has her own plans for the Shroud. Juno also contacts the Initiate through the simulation, leading them into a new memory segment of Lydia Frye, where she tracks down and kills a Sage in a war-torn London during World War I.
The Dreadful Crimes[edit]
The Frye twins are approached by Henry Raymond, a penny dreadful writer, as well as his follower, a young Arthur Conan Doyle. They team up to investigate a series of murders across London, visiting crime scenes, gathering evidence, interviewing witnesses and suspects, and ultimately solving the crimes by accusing the true perpetrators.
The twins are eventually summoned to Buckingham Palace by Queen Victoria, in order to solve the murder of one of her guards. It turns out that it is in fact Raymond who has posed as a guard and faked his own death, so he may steal the Queen's Sceptre of the Dove by observing up close the combination to the safe that holds it. He has also left a series of false clues suggesting a bomb threat in the palace in order to cover his escape. However Doyle has already uncovered his plan and set out to stop him, but is held hostage on the palace roof in the process. One of the Fryes manages to distract Raymond while the other sneaks up and kills him, saving Doyle and recovering the Sceptre. In the aftermath, the Fryes encourage Doyle to try his own hand at writing detective fiction.
The Last Maharaja[edit]
After an unpleasant conversation with Duleep Singh regarding his lack of commitment to the people of India, Henry Green decides to enlist the help of the Frye twins so the Maharaja could be persuaded to reclaim his birthright. The twins manage to recover Singh's letters to his mother, which were previously intercepted by the British Indies Company (B.I.C.) in order to stop any correspondence. This finally convinces Singh that he should take action.
Singh orders the twins to locate and recover the stolen Punjabi gold, before arranging for transports to ship the gold back to India. He then proposes to recover the Koh-i-Noor, a diamond in the possession of Queen Victoria, currently kept in the Tower of London. The twins accomplish the goal by infiltrating a gala held at that location; however Henry shows that the diamond they recover is a replica, and the true Koh-i-Noor is in fact in the safe hands of the British Assassins, thanks to Jayadeep's father Arbaaz Mir handing over the diamond to Jacob and Evie's father Ethan Frye.
The twins head to a B.I.C. factory and put an end to the company's production of biological weapons. In the process, they also discover that Brinley Ellsworth, a close friend of Singh's, is in fact behind the plots against the Maharaja. Singh arranges for a meeting where he confronts Ellsworth. With Evie's help, Ellsworth is subdued. However, as Evie prepares to execute Ellsworth, she is stopped by Singh, who chooses to exercise mercy. Singh thanks the twins for their contribution before parting ways with them, continuing to fight for his heritage.
Jack the Ripper[edit]
The story begins in 1888, 20 years after the main game, with the Assassin Jacob Frye meeting Mr. Weaversbrook, who is warned not to publish Jack's letters as he wants to spread fear in London. He then receives word of another murder and goes to investigate. Jacob goes after the Ripper, who begins following him before eventually attacking. As the Ripper pursues Jacob, it is revealed that he knows Jacob personally, and possesses Assassin abilities. After escaping, Jacob reaches his lodgings, but the Ripper arrives and attacks again, with Jacob seemingly being killed.
Following the incident, Jacob's sister Evie Frye arrives from India, having been summoned by Jacob some time before, where she is greeted by police inspector Frederick Abberline, who informs her that Jacob is missing and presumed dead. He also tells her that she may be the last Assassin in London, and the only one capable of stopping the Ripper. After finding Jacob's lodgings, Evie takes some non-lethal fear tools used by the Indian Brotherhood. She also deduces that the Ripper is in fact one of Jacob's Assassin Initiates. Afterwards, she kills the Ripper's lieutenants who have been aiding in his crimes and frees a number of prisoners he had been keeping hostage. All the while, the Ripper stalks Evie.
With more murders occurring, Evie is pressured to find the Ripper quickly; after the Ripper's final murder, Abberline makes it plain unless she delivers the Ripper, he will not be able to stop her from being arrested for the crimes – Evie vows to stop the Ripper or die trying. She re-examines all of his old crime scenes and finds hidden clues that lead to him, as well as learning the fact that all of the women he murdered were Assassins. She later finds a message left by the Ripper, which reveals that he never forgave Jacob for failing to protect his mother from being killed by Starrick's men. Evie deduces that the Ripper is waiting for her at Lambeth Asylum, where he was imprisoned before Jacob recruited him into the Brotherhood. Meanwhile, the Ripper returns to the Asylum and murders his former tormentors. Evie arrives shortly after the Ripper and kills him in battle. Afterwards, she finds an imprisoned but still alive Jacob. With the Ripper dead, Abberline agrees to cover up the Ripper's identity as an Assassin in order to protect the Brotherhood.
Time Anomaly[edit]
Sometime after the events of Jack the Ripper DLC, Jacob marries and has one son, who is also inducted into the Brotherhood. He also marries, and later has a child named Lydia Frye, born in 1893. She too was inducted into the Brotherhood and trained under her grandparents. She later marries an Assassin named Sam Crowder, but she keeps her maiden name.
At the outbreak of World War I, by 1914, Jacob and Evie were removed to the safety of the countryside, while Lydia remained in London to fight off German spies and Templar terrorists.
In 1916, at the behest of Winston Churchill, Lydia infiltrated and eliminated a German Templar spy facility in Tower Bridge. She later sought out, on his request, the rest of the group and their Sage leader that he deemed to be a pressing matter of national security which he was unable to broach with the government as he lacked strong enough evidence. In exchange for her services, Churchill promised Lydia that he would do what he could for the enfranchisement of women when he had returned to parliament after the War.
Lydia later conquers every single Templar-infested area, killing German spies and Templar captains, finally flushing the Sage out of his hiding place and killing him.
For every target and objective Lydia killed and completed, Juno appeared and told her past and rise. Juno ultimately learns of the mentioned Sage's fate, and thanks the initiate for finding it out, before suggesting her hope that she and the Assassins can work together in the future.


[567] GameTitle : Assassin’s Creed III
Immediately after the events of the previous game, assassin Desmond Miles, his father William, and allies Rebecca Crane and Shaun Hastings find the Temple of the First Civilization in a cave in New York City and access it using their Apple of Eden, an ancient artifact of immense power. After partially activating the temple, Juno uses it to communicate with Desmond. Desmond is placed in the Animus where Juno's influence causes him to experience the life of his ancestor in 1754 England: the Templar Grand Master, Haytham Kenway.
Haytham assassinates a patron at the Royal Opera House and steals a medallion; the Key to the Temple's inner chamber. Haytham is dispatched to the American Colonies to locate the Temple. While in Boston, he kills a slave trader, freeing a group of Mohawks including a woman named Kaniehti:io, who asks Haytham to refer to her as Ziio after he proves unable to pronounce her full name. She helps Haytham find the Temple in exchange for him killing General Braddock. Haytham and Ziio find that the Key is not able to open the temple itself. The pair develop a romantic relationship during their time together, which results in a son, Ratonhnhaké:ton. The perspective then shifts to Ratonhnhaké:ton's childhood in 1760. His mother dies during an attack on his village which Ratonhnhaké:ton believes was led by the Templar Charles Lee. Years later, the village Elder informs a teenage Ratonhnhaké:ton that their tribe's duty is to prevent the Temple's discovery. The Elder gives him a transparent Sphere which allows Juno to communicate with him; she tells him of his importance and shows him the Assassins' symbol. The symbol leads him to the retired Assassin Achilles Davenport, who reluctantly begins training him as an assassin.
Achilles suggests Ratonhnhaké:ton rename himself "Connor" to enable him to move more freely throughout the Colonies, in fear that some colonists might reject him as a tribe member. While seeking supplies in Boston, Connor is framed by the Templars for instigating the Boston Massacre. Over the following years, Connor kills several Templars, and aids in the Revolutionary War between the Patriots and the British. Connor meets with his father, and the two forge a temporary alliance to eliminate a rogue Templar. Later, Haytham uncovers a letter detailing George Washington's plan to remove the Indigenous population, including Connor's tribe, from the frontier to prevent them supporting the Loyalists. Connor returns to his village and learns that Lee has recruited several Mohawk warriors to turn back the Patriots sent to eradicate them. Connor neutralizes the warriors to avoid conflict, but his childhood friend Kanen'tó:kon cannot be reasoned with and Connor is forced to kill him.
Meanwhile, Desmond is occasionally roused from the Animus to retrieve power cells from Manhattan and Brazil, necessary for activating the Temple, before the Templar Daniel Cross can take them. William goes after the final cell himself, but is captured by the Templars' modern day front, Abstergo. Desmond assaults the facility, kills Cross and Warren Vidic, and rescues his father.
Connor becomes conflicted about eliminating the Templars, and hopes to work with Haytham towards a common vision of peace and freedom. However, Haytham remains convinced of the chaos of freedom and the necessity to control the nation by replacing Washington with Lee. Lee is disgraced by Washington for attempting to sabotage the outcome of the Battle of Monmouth and takes refuge in the heavily fortified Fort George. Connor infiltrates the fort and is confronted by Haytham; they duel, and Connor kills him. Connor later kills Lee and recovers the Key. With the Colonial Templars eliminated, Connor returns to his village only to find it empty, and the Sphere left behind. Using it, Juno instructs him to conceal the Key where it cannot be found; Connor buries the Key in the grave of Achilles' son, Connor Davenport.
In 2012, Desmond retrieves the Key and accesses the Temple's inner chambers. Juno informs him that activating the pedestal will save the world, but at the cost of his life. Minerva appears before them, opposing the plan as it will free Juno, who was sealed away in the temple to prevent her conquering humanity. Juno and Minerva explain that if the solar flare occurs, Desmond will be one of the few survivors in a post-apocalyptic world. After Desmond's later death, he will become revered as a god, whose well-intended legacy will be manipulated to control future generations, restarting the cycle. Desmond chooses to sacrifice himself in order to save humanity and give them the opportunity to fight Juno rather than be destroyed. William, Shaun, and Rebecca leave the temple as Desmond activates the pedestal; a global aurora protects the planet from the solar eruption. Juno commends Desmond's choice and declares that it is time for her part to begin.
In an epilogue, Connor takes down the Templar portraits in the Davenport Manor's basement and burns them, signifying the end of his journey. In addition, his return to his village is detailed further, showing he spoke to a hunter there, who revealed that the land had been sold to settlers in order to settle the new United States government's war debts. Connor also travels to the pier in New York, where he witnesses the last of the British Regulars leave America for good. However, he also sees evidence of the slave trade present in the newly formed nation, right next to the pier of citizens cheering at the departure of the British, learning that not all people have been freed.
Following this, a modern-day voiceover can be heard directing the listener to locate a number of 'pivot points' that have been spread out across the memories' graphical representation of the Colonial America. Once collected, the voiceover returns to congratulate, and informs that they have now connected to the cloud.


[568] GameTitle : Dishonored 2
Fifteen years after Corvo Attano restored Emily Kaldwin to the throne following the assassination of her mother, Dunwall has prospered under her reign. However, a serial killer by the name of the "Crown Killer" has been brutally murdering Emily's enemies, leading many to believe that Emily and Corvo are responsible. During a ceremony in remembrance of Jessamine Kaldwin's assassination, Duke Luca Abele of Serkonos arrives with the witch Delilah Copperspoon, who claims to be Jessamine's older half-sister and the true heir to the throne. The Duke's men then attack, killing Emily's loyal subjects. At this point, the player chooses whether to continue as Emily or Corvo. Depending on the player's choice, the other character will be turned to stone. The player is able to escape to the Dunwall docks, where Meagan Foster is waiting. Meagan was sent by Anton Sokolov to warn Emily and Corvo about the Duke's coup. They set sail for Karnaca, where Delilah began her rise to power. During the voyage, the player is visited by the Outsider, who offers them supernatural powers and instructs them to stop Delilah.[1]
Upon arriving in Karnaca, the player is tasked with rescuing Sokolov, who was kidnapped by the Crown Killer.[2] Infiltrating Addermire Institute, where the Crown Killer is reportedly hiding out, the player discovers that the Crown Killer is in fact the alter ego of Karnaca's Chief Alchemist, Alexandria Hypatia (Jessica Straus). Hypatia accidentally created the Crown Killer persona when she tested an experimental serum on herself, and the Duke exploited her by using the Crown Killer to frame Emily. The player has the choice of either killing her or curing her condition. After investigating Addermire, it is made known that Sokolov was imprisoned by Kirin Jindosh (John Gegenhuber), the Duke's Grand Inventor and creator of the clockwork soldiers.[3] The player enters Jindosh's Clockwork Mansion, kills him or performs an electrical lobotomy on him thus stripping him of his intellect, and frees Sokolov.[10] Sokolov then directs the player to eliminate Breanna Ashworth (Melendy Britt), the curator of the Royal Conservatory and witch working for Delilah. The player enters the Royal Conservatory and discovers that after Delilah's defeat at the hands of Daud, who was responsible for assassinating Emily's mother, it was Ashworth who brought Delilah back from the Void. Ashworth is eliminated by way of a fatal attack or having her powers removed.[31]
With Delilah being too powerful to defeat by normal means, Sokolov suggests the player investigate the home of mining magnate Aramis Stilton (Richard Cansino).[32] Upon entering Stilton's mansion, the player discovers that he had gone insane after witnessing Delilah's resurrection. With the aid of a timepiece granted by the Outsider, the player travels back in time and observes the Duke, Jindosh, and Ashworth pull Delilah from the Void. Afterwards, Delilah siphons part of her soul into a statue, effectively making her immortal.[4] The player invades the Duke's palace to eliminate him and retrieve Delilah's soul. After either killing the Duke or working with his body double to depose him, the player finds the statue and extracts Delilah's soul.[33] With Delilah's soul in hand, the player returns to Dunwall for a final confrontation with Delilah. After reuniting Delilah with her soul, the player may choose to kill Delilah or trick her into trapping herself inside her own painting.[34]


[569] GameTitle : Call of Duty: Infinite Warfare
Infinite Warfare is set in the distant future, after Earth has been stripped of its natural resources as a result of population growth and industrial expansion, prompting the nations of the world to unite together and form the United Nations Space Alliance (UNSA), a political organization that handles matters related to trade, travel, land claims and all efforts relating to human space colonization. The residents of Earth rely on colonies established elsewhere in the Solar System in order to mine planets and asteroids for resources. The value of these outposts, however, attracts militant radicals who seek to control them; an action which could place the countries of Earth in a very unfavorable position. In response, the UNSA is defended by the Solar Associated Treaty Organization (SATO), a coordinated military structure that defends Earth and the UNSA's holdings.[11] However, prior to the events of the game, a new hostile faction emerges, known as the Settlement Defense Front (SDF), which consists of insurgents that broke away from the United Nations Space Alliance during a war of secession. Following years of a troubled stalemate with the Front, relations have deteriorated to a point where the entire Solar System is poised on the brink of war. By the events of the game, the Settlement Defense Front declares war on the UNSA and launches a surprise attack on Geneva, severely weakening SATO's forces on Earth.
As the newly appointed captain of the UNSA Warship Retribution, Commander Nick Reyes (Brian Bloom), a Tier 1 Special Operations pilot of the Special Combat Air Recon (SCAR), is tasked to lead a crew to defeat the Settlement Defense Front on Earth, as well as journey to outer space and across other planets in the system using space-based fighter craft, referred to as Jackals, to stop the Front from taking over the entire Solar System.[11] Assisting Reyes in the fight against the SDF are his mentor Admiral Fredrick Raines (John Marshall Jones), Reyes' wingman Lieutenant Nora Salter (Jamie Gray Hyder), his robot sidekick E3N "Ethan" (Jeffrey Nordling), and the SATO Marines including Staff Sergeant Usef Omar (David Harewood), Corporal Sean Brooks (Jason Barry) and Private Todd Kashima (Eric Ladin). Other notable allies include Retribution Navigator Victor "Gator" Diallo (Omid Abtahi), Tigris warship captain Maureen Ferran (Claudia Christian), and Retribution Chief Engineer Audrey "Mac" MaCallum (Claudia Black). Facing Reyes and his allies in battle is the commander of the starship Olympus Mons, and leader of the SDF, Rear Admiral Salen Kotch (Kit Harington), and his senior commander Akeel Min Riah (Jim Pirri).[16] UFC fighter Conor McGregor makes a cameo appearance as SDF Captain Bradley Fillion, while Formula One racer Lewis Hamilton appears as Retribution Electro-technical Officer Carl Hamilton.
Plot
A UNSA special forces team is sent to a secret UNSA weapons research facility on Europa to investigate a SDF attack and recover a prototype weapon before initiating the facility's self-destruct. The team is able to destroy the facility, but fails to recover the weapon and are captured by the SDF, where they are subsequently executed by one of the SDF's main commanders, Admiral Kotch.
On Earth, Reyes warns Admiral Raines that the SDF attack is tantamount to a declaration of war and that the UNSA should be preparing a counterattack. However, Admiral Raines explains that the UNSA's leaders do not want to escalate the situation, especially during the Fleet Week celebrations where the entire UNSA fleet gathers at Geneva. During the celebrations, he links up with his wingman Salter as well as his new robotic subordinate E3N "Ethan". Suddenly, the UNSA's AATIS defense cannons begin to open fire on the UNSA fleet, decimating many ships as an SDF assault force invades Geneva. Reyes manages to fight his way to the AATIS control tower, where he manages to shut down the AATIS cannons and apprehend Riah, the SDF spy responsible for sabotaging them. Reyes then accompanies the surviving UNSA ships into orbit where they destroy the attacking SDF fleet. The SDF's flagship, the Olympus Mons, suddenly arrives and destroys more UNSA ships before it is forced to retreat, leaving only two operational UNSA ships: the carrier Retribution and the destroyer Tigris.
Upon landing on the Retribution, Reyes learns that both the ship's captain and the executive officer were killed in battle, leaving him as the highest-ranking officer of the ship and its de facto captain. Admiral Raines promotes Reyes to commander and then tasks him retaking the cargo port on the Moon from the SDF. After successfully liberating the Moon, Reyes is given the mission to delay the SDF for as long as possible until the UNSA can rebuild its fleet. At this point, Reyes can embark on a number of optional missions to attack key SDF targets. Eventually, Reyes manages to destroy a strategic refueling tower on Titan, crippling the SDF's fuel supply. He is then sent to investigate a disturbance at an asteroid mining station near Mercury, only to find it was a diversion while the SDF destroys the Tigris, leaving the Retribution as the sole remaining UNSA ship. Learning that Riah is carrying a beacon meant to signal the main SDF fleet to invade Earth, Reyes devises a plan to use the beacon to lure the SDF fleet right into the still operational AATIS guns. Unfortunately, the plan goes awry when Riah escapes, destroys the AATIS guns, and kills himself to trigger the beacon. The main SDF arrives and the Olympus Mons destroys UNSA headquarters, killing Admiral Raines.
With no other options, Reyes decides to use the opportunity to board and commandeer the Olympus Mons. He manages to battle his way to the bridge and kill Admiral Kotch. He then has the Olympus Mons travel back to Mars, where he intends to use the ship to destroy the SDF's orbital shipyard and cripple their fleet in return. While the Olympus Mons and Retribution manage to destroy many SDF ships, the Olympus Mons suffers too much damage to use its weapons so Reyes orders it to ram the shipyard. Unfortunately, the Retribution also suffers damage and drifts into Olympus Mons flight path, forcing Reyes to order the ship to divert. Both warships crash onto the surface of Mars with the shipyard still intact.
Realizing that there's no way for them to get back to Earth alive, Reyes rallies the survivors of the Retribution crew and leads them on one final, desperate assault on the shipyard. Most of the surviving crew are killed in the fighting, but Salter manages to commandeer an SDF destroyer. However, its weapons are disabled and the mooring clamps are locked. Ethan sacrifices himself to destroy the moorings while Reyes activates the destroyer's weapons and orders Salter to destroy the station, despite him being on it. Salter reluctantly opens fire, ejecting Reyes into space. His last sight is seeing the SDF shipyard explode before he is killed by flying shrapnel.
Some time later, the UNSA honors Reyes and the Retribution crew's heroic sacrifice, stating that their destruction of the SDF shipyard was a decisive victory. Salter, who is one of the four survivors from the Retribution, salutes a war memorial in Geneva listing the names of all of the UNSA soldiers who died in the conflict, including Reyes.
During the credits, the posthumous recorded messages of some of the deceased Retribution crew may be heard.
Zombies
Characters and settings
Infinite Warfare Zombies stars Ike Barinholtz, Jay Pharoah, Seth Green and Sasheer Zamata as the main protagonists of the story: A.J., Andre, Poindexter and Sally. They initially appear as aspiring actors, who are trapped inside a horror film by renowned director Willard Wyler (Paul Reubens), where they play out the role of the film's archetype characters.
Zombies in Spaceland, the first map in the game, is set in an '80s movie style theme park, featuring the actors as four archetype characters: the Jock, the Rapper, the Nerd and the Valley Girl. Additionally, the four actors encounter David Hasselhoff as an enigmatic DJ in the theme park, who offers to assist them in escaping the movie and ruining Wyler's plan.[17] Hasselhoff also provides the voice of N31L, a robot that provides in-game challenges for the players. Several special enemy types are featured in Spaceland, including exploding clown zombies as well as the Brute, a giant zombie dressed in an alien mascot suit.
Rave in the Redwoods, the first downloadable content map, takes place in a '90s campsite area in the Redwood National and State Parks, where the four actors once again play the role of the era's archetypes: the Hip-Hop Wannabe, the Grunge Rocker, the Kandi Raver and the Westside Gangster. The crew go up against the threat of hundreds of raver kids turned zombies, alongside sasquatches and a chainsaw-wielding Slasher. The map also features the appearance of Kevin Smith and Jason Mewes.
Shaolin Shuffle, the second downloadable content map, takes place in a '70s New York City urban area, featuring disco and punk-themed clubs, a martial arts dojo, as well as sewers and subway stations. The four archetypes are identified as: the Sleazebag, the Street Poet, the Punk Rocker, and the Disco Chick. The map features the appearance of actress Pam Grier as the Sensei who operates the dojo. Special enemy types in this map include exploding skater zombies, as well as ninja zombies.
Attack of the Radioactive Thing, the third downloadable content map, takes place in a '50s fictional Californian beach area after exposure to a radioactive experiment, and features Cassandra Peterson reprising her character Elvira, Mistress of the Dark. The four characters take on the archetypes of: the Rebel, the Soldier, the Scientist, and the School Girl. The map features a new enemy type, the Crogs, described as "crab-frog fusions", along with their Brute variant.
The Beast from Beyond, the final downloadable content map, takes place in a desolate UNSA military station on Europa in the year 2206, and is a crossover with the Extinction game mode, previously featured in Call of Duty: Ghosts. The four actors, dressed as space travelers, battle against a combination of zombies and Cryptid aliens. Hasselhoff returns as N31L, and Ali Hillis reprises her role from Extinction as Samantha Cross, while Fred Tatasciore voices the demonic Mephistopheles.
Plot
After decades of elusive retirement, renowned horror director Willard Wyler prepares for his comeback into the movie business. He invites four aspiring actors: A.J., Andre, Poindexter and Sally, to his theatre for an audition, but unbeknownst to them, he intends to trap the four inside one of his own movies, "Zombies in Spaceland", using a dark magic ritual. The four actors find themselves in an 80's theme park, dressed as the archetypes of the era. As the four try to survive the oncoming zombie horde, they find unexpected help from famous actor David Hasselhoff, who has also been trapped in this movie for an unknown amount of time as his Knight Rider character Michael Knight. With Hasselhoff's aid, the four actors manage to fend off the undead, much to Wyler's chagrin, and discover a piece of an artifact known as the Soul Key. As the actors attempt to escape, they instead find themselves in another one of Wyler's films, "Rave in the Redwoods", set in a 90's campsite in the Redwoods parks, where they go up against hordes of undead raver teenagers and sasquatches. As the actors traverse across the campsite, they encounter director Kevin Smith, who has also been trapped here for an amount of time with his friend Jason Mewes, who died prior to the actors' arrival in the film at the hands of a figure called the Slasher. The actors help Kevin recover his memory, and convince him to help them escape the film. However, the group soon uncovers through the memories that Jason, along with various other victims associated with Wyler, was killed by Kevin who was the Slasher all along. Kevin, as he recovers his memories fully, then battles the actors as a giant mutated Slasher, but is defeated.
The actors then retrieve the second piece of the Soul Key, and are immediately warped into Wyler's third film, "Shaolin Shuffle", set in the backdrop of a '70s New York City. The group, now dressed in 70s' apparel, find help from actress Pam Grier, who assists them in fighting Wyler's zombie horde, as well as gives them special martial arts skills and training. The group encounter Arthur McIntosh, a failed businessman who after consuming a mysterious chemical became the Rat King, capable of controlling sewer rats at his will. The actors and Grier battle McIntosh and manage to kill him, while also retrieving the third piece of the Soul Key. The four actors are then teleported into Wyler's fourth film, "Attack of the Radioactive Thing", set in a 1950's beach area affected by a radioactive experiment. The actors encounter horror film hostess Elvira, who is also trapped inside this film, and proceed to assist her in her plan to foil Wyler's scheme. Together, they battle against a combined force of zombies as well as mutant crab-frog fusions and a giant radioactive beast dubbed "Crogzilla". The crew assemble a nuclear bomb and detonate it inside the Crogzilla's belly, blowing it to bits. They then retrieve the fourth piece of the Soul Key inside the Crogzilla's antenna.
The four actors are then teleported into the final film, "The Beast from Beyond", as they arrive onto Europa and land in a military station, where they battle against the Cryptid aliens from the Extinction series, as well as a mixture of zombies from the previous four films. After fighting against a herd of Cryptids, the four retrieve the final piece of the Soul Key, and are seemingly teleported back to Wyler's theatre, where he joyfully greets them. Without letting him explain himself, the four actors furiously send Wyler back into the Spaceland movie using his own method, but ultimately realize they have become slaves to the demon Mephistopheles in Wyler's place. Mephistopheles himself appears in front of the four actors, and threatens to consume their souls; the four then arm themselves on a final battle against the demon. After seemingly winning against him, the four are teleported back to the theatre, but still find themselves unable to escape. In reality, it is revealed that they are already trapped inside the Soul Jar contained in the real theatre. Meanwhile, Wyler enlists Hasselhoff's help in Spaceland once more and escapes the movie. He reunites with the four actors and reconciles with them as all five begin to plot their next move.
It is revealed throughout all of the films that originally, some times after the death of his wife, Wyler made a deal with Mephistopheles and sold his soul in exchange for the ability to trap others in his movies. He would use this as a way to punish those who defy him. A part of Wyler's soul felt regret and guilt over his actions, and thus pushed him to find other actors that could enter his films and help him defeat Mephistopheles.


[572] GameTitle : Gaming In Color
Common topics in the film include why games matter, what a game is, what they do for individuals, and how they affect culture are explored. Sexuality in culture bridges the gap to sexuality in games, to make room for the topic of non traditional sexualities and expressions being a part of culture, and thus video games. Hate speech and bigotry are common in online spaces, and how that affects people personally when they play games is commented on. Solutions to harmful activity is postulated, and many point to the GaymerX convention for doing good work in creating a safe space in adding visibility, to influence a more open-minded gaming community, as well as more LGBTQ characters in mainstream games.
The film also stars Naomi Clark (game creator), Colleen Macklin (game designer and professor), Joey Stern (Geeks OUT organizer), Shane Cherry (NYC Gaymers promoter), Jessica Vazquez (games journalist), and Matthew Michael Brown (“Gaymer” of The Tester, Season 2 winner).[13][14] Everyone in the main cast either identifies as LGBTQ, and/or active in gay gaming work of some kind. Many GaymerX attendees also make appearances, including Game Revolution’s Editor in Chief, Nick Tan.


[574] GameTitle : Fatty Bear's Birthday Surprise
In this game, a girl named Kayla is having her birthday tomorrow and it's time for her to go to bed. While she sleeps, her toys and stuffed animals come to life to prepare for her party. Fatty Bear searches through the house looking for ingredients with which to bake a cake. Unfortunately, it is not as easy as Fatty Bear thought - he had planned on baking the cake, but in the kitchen was a mysterious package. When he curiously inspects it, a small brown puppy pops out of it and promptly runs away, tearing the ribbon on the box.
After that, Fatty Bear helps a doll named Gretchen set up for Kayla's party by finding the letters for a "Happy Birthday" sign and blowing balloons in her bedroom. In the kitchen, the ingredients he found are used to bake a cake with the assistance of Matilda Rabbit. Then, using a bone and a ribbon he found, he lures the puppy back into her present box and ties it up. Finally, Fatty Bear jumps into Kayla's bed, going back to stuffed animal form before she wakes up. The next morning, Kayla awakens and announces that her room is beautiful. Her father comes to wish her a happy birthday and deliver her surprise, which turns out to be the puppy that rushes into the room and leaps onto her bed. Kayla thanks Fatty Bear for the best birthday she's ever had, giving him a big hug. Fatty Bear winks at the player and the credits roll.


[577] GameTitle : Gaming In Color
Common topics in the film include why games matter, what a game is, what they do for individuals, and how they affect culture are explored. Sexuality in culture bridges the gap to sexuality in games, to make room for the topic of non traditional sexualities and expressions being a part of culture, and thus video games. Hate speech and bigotry are common in online spaces, and how that affects people personally when they play games is commented on. Solutions to harmful activity is postulated, and many point to the GaymerX convention for doing good work in creating a safe space in adding visibility, to influence a more open-minded gaming community, as well as more LGBTQ characters in mainstream games.
The film also stars Naomi Clark (game creator), Colleen Macklin (game designer and professor), Joey Stern (Geeks OUT organizer), Shane Cherry (NYC Gaymers promoter), Jessica Vazquez (games journalist), and Matthew Michael Brown (“Gaymer” of The Tester, Season 2 winner).[13][14] Everyone in the main cast either identifies as LGBTQ, and/or active in gay gaming work of some kind. Many GaymerX attendees also make appearances, including Game Revolution’s Editor in Chief, Nick Tan.


[671] GameTitle : Batman: Arkham Knight
On Halloween, Scarecrow forces the civilian evacuation of Gotham City after threatening to unleash his potent new fear toxin. Batman tracks Scarecrow to a hideout where he rescues the imprisoned Poison Ivy, who had refused to join Batman's other rogues in Scarecrow's plot. Batman meets with Oracle, who identifies Ace Chemicals as the source of Scarecrow's toxin. Batman investigates the facility but encounters the Arkham Knight and his heavily armed militia. Batman overcomes the forces and locates Scarecrow, who has transformed the entire building into a toxin bomb. Scarecrow reveals that he has kidnapped Oracle, and exposes Batman to the toxin before escaping. Batman inhibits the bomb's blast radius before he is confronted by the Joker.[67]
A flashback reveals that before the Joker died, his infected blood was used in blood transfusions, infecting five people including Batman; Batman, concealing his infection from others, imprisoned the four other recipients who were physically and mentally transforming into the Joker. The Joker, now existing as a mental projection produced by the infected blood and fear toxin, frequently appears to taunt Batman, and manipulate his perception of the world around him.[68] After Batman escapes the exploding Ace Chemicals, he alerts Gordon to Oracle's kidnapping, who angrily leaves to find Scarecrow.
Batman learns that Scarecrow recruited businessman Simon Stagg to build the "Cloudburst"—a mass dispersal device for the fear toxin. Aboard Stagg's airship, Batman interrogates Stagg and finds Scarecrow, but a dose of fear toxin allows the Joker to temporarily assume control of Batman's body while the Arkham Knight extracts the Cloudburst. Recovering, Batman locates Oracle in Scarecrow's hideout, but when he arrives she is exposed to the fear toxin, and commits suicide in terror. Harley Quinn seizes Batman's base in the Panessa movie studio to rescue the Joker-ized patients. Batman and Robin capture Harley and the infected, but one of the patients kills the others, before committing suicide, believing that Batman will become the perfect Joker. Realizing that Batman is infected, Robin attempts to imprison him before the Joker takes control, but is instead imprisoned by Batman, who refuses to stop until Scarecrow is caught.
The Arkham Knight activates the Cloudburst, flooding the city with fear toxin. Batman destroys the Cloudburst and convinces Ivy to empower an ancient tree that can neutralize the toxin; she succeeds and saves Gotham, but the strain kills her, while Batman's exposure to the toxin strengthens Joker's control. Batman pursues the Arkham Knight to a construction site to rescue Gordon. The Knight reveals himself as Jason Todd,[69] the previous Robin, who was seemingly murdered by the Joker, and has been left traumatized by torture at the Joker's hands. Todd blames Batman for abandoning him, and although Batman offers to help Todd recover, he escapes. Batman and Gordon confront Scarecrow on the building's roof, where Oracle is revealed to be alive, and her suicide the result of a hallucination.[70] Batman rescues Oracle and returns her to the Gotham City Police Department (GCPD), but Scarecrow escapes with Gordon. Using the remaining militia, Scarecrow assaults the GCPD to eliminate Batman's allies. Batman and Oracle neutralize the militia, but Scarecrow uses the distraction to kidnap Robin.
To save Robin and Gordon, Batman surrenders to Scarecrow and is taken to the ruins of Arkham Asylum. Scarecrow reveals Batman's secret identity to the world on television,[71] before repeatedly injecting Batman with the fear toxin to break him before the public. Batman and the Joker then battle for control inside Batman's mind; Joker attempts to weaken Batman by recounting the people who have suffered and died because of Batman's crusade, but Batman triumphs and locks the pleading Joker away in his mind forever to be forgotten&#160;— the Joker's only fear.[45][71] Todd arrives and saves Batman, who subdues Scarecrow with his own fear toxin.[71]
After Batman ensures that Gotham is safe, Gordon dispatches the police to reclaim the streets, and Batman activates the "Knightfall" protocol to protect his loved ones. Surrounded by reporters, Batman returns home to Wayne Manor where he is greeted by Alfred. As the pair enter the manor, it explodes, seemingly killing them both. Gordon, now Gotham's mayor, prepares to attend Oracle and Robin's wedding. Elsewhere, two criminals attack a family in an alley but are confronted by a nightmarish silhouette resembling Batman.[45][71]


[672] GameTitle : Fallout 4
Fallout 4 takes place in the year 2287, ten years after the events of Fallout 3 and 210 years after the Great War, a war between the United States and China over natural resources that ended in a nuclear holocaust in 2077. The setting is a post-apocalyptic retro-future, covering a region that includes Boston, Massachusetts and other parts of New England known as "The Commonwealth". Unlike the previous titles, Fallout 4's story begins on the day the bombs dropped: October 23, 2077. The player's character (voiced by either Courtenay Taylor or Brian T. Delaney) takes shelter in Vault 111, emerging exactly 210 years later, on October 23, 2287.[10]
The game takes place in an alternate version of history that sees the 1940s' and 1950s' aesthetics, design and technology advance in the directions imagined at the time. The resulting universe is thus a retro-futuristic one, where the technology has evolved enough to produce laser weapons, manipulate genes and create nearly-autonomous artificial intelligence, but all within the confines of 1950s' solutions like the widespread use of atomic power and vacuum tubes, as well as having the integrated circuitry of the digital age. The architecture, advertisements and general living styles are also depicted to be largely unchanged since the 1950s, while including contemporary products, such as a robotic rocking horse for children in one advertisement, or posters for the underground vaults that play a central role in the storyline of the game.
Story
The story begins on the morning of October 23, 2077 at the player character's home in Sanctuary Hills, located near Concord, Massachusetts. The player character is at home with their spouse (Nate or Nora depending on the player character's gender), their son Shaun, and their robotic butler, Codsworth. As the player character is preparing for an event at the Veteran's Hall in Cambridge, a representative from Vault-Tec comes to inform them that their family is approved for admittance into Vault 111, the local fallout shelter. Moments later, a news bulletin warns of an incoming nuclear attack, prompting the family to evacuate to the Vault. They enter just as the nuclear bomb explodes. Upon entering the Vault, the player character and their family are tricked into entering cryogenic tubes by the Vault-Tec staff and frozen alive. After an unknown period of time, the player character and their spouse are re-awakened by two strangers, and the player witnesses Shaun's kidnapping and their spouse's murder. The player is put back into cryogenic sleep but manages to free themselves when the life support system malfunctions. The player discovers that they are the sole survivor of Vault 111, and vows to avenge their spouse's death and find Shaun.
The player character, known as the Sole Survivor, heads home to find Sanctuary Hills in ruins. The Sole Survivor meets a distraught Codsworth, revealing that 210 years have passed since the war. Codsworth suggests that the player character go to Concord for help, on the way, finding and befriending a German Shepherd named Dogmeat. When the Sole Survivor arrives at Concord, they rescue Preston Garvey—one of the last of the Commonwealth Minutemen—and his band of settlers from a group of raiders. After assisting Garvey and his group, the Sole Survivor travels to Diamond City, a fortified settlement based in the ruins of Fenway Park, where they meet Piper, an intrepid reporter. From there, they learn about a secretive organization called the Institute, terrifying the Commonwealth, kidnapping people from their homes and sometimes replacing them with "synths", synthetic human beings indistinguishable from real humans.
The Sole Survivor seeks out Nick Valentine, a detective based in Diamond City, to locate their son, but soon learns that Valentine went missing two weeks previously. After finding Valentine in Vault 114—who is revealed to be a second-generation synth; a sophisticated biomechanical android—the Sole Survivor uncovers the identity of their spouse's killer, a man named Conrad Kellogg. The Sole Survivor tracks down Kellogg and learns from him that Shaun is currently in the Institute. The Sole Survivor kills Kellogg, avenging their spouse's murder, retrieves a cybernetic implant from his brain and heads to Goodneighbor to seek help from Doctor Amari—a scientist skilled in neuroscience—to access the dead mercenary's memories. During their hunt for Kellogg, the Sole Survivor witnesses the Brotherhood of Steel arriving in the Commonwealth with the Prydwen, their mobile airship headquarters, and has the option to travel to Boston Airport to offer their assistance to the Brotherhood in the fight against the Institute.
After viewing Kellogg's memories, the Sole Survivor is tasked to go to the Glowing Sea—the ground zero of the nuclear blast shown early in the game—to find Brian Virgil, an ex-Institute scientist, to get help infiltrating the Institute. According to Virgil, the only way to enter or exit the Institute is with a teleportation chip that only Institute Coursers—trained synth killers—possess. The player must track down and kill a Courser in order to obtain the chip.
The Sole Survivor tracks down the secretive Railroad organization for assistance decoding the chip. The Railroad is dedicated to rescuing synths from the Institute, believing them to be oppressed by their creators and mistreated by the inhabitants of the Commonwealth. After they decode the chip for the Sole Survivor, the Railroad asks for their assistance in fighting the Institute, in which the player can accept or decline.
Virgil provides the blueprints for a device to hijack the Institute's Molecular Relay signal and teleport into the Institute using the chip data. The Sole Survivor has the choice to ally with the Minutemen, the Railroad, or the Brotherhood to construct the relay device. The player successfully enters the Institute, where they discover that their son Shaun is an old man and the director of the Institute. Shaun, now calling himself Father, reveals that he was kidnapped from the Vault by Kellogg as a specimen for synth experiments thanks to his pure pre-war DNA and that the Sole Survivor remained in stasis for a further sixty years before being awoken again. Shaun later reveals that he is dying of cancer and wishes for the player to take up his role as Institute Director if the Sole Survivor sides with the Institute and continue the organization's plans for the future of the Commonwealth. However, if the Sole Survivor sides with the Minutemen, Brotherhood of Steel, or the Railroad, Shaun will blame the Sole Survivor for destroying the future's only hope and re-program the latest synth prototype as the Sole Survivor's son. It is the Sole Survivor's decision to either save the latest synth prototype or destroy it along with the Institute.
Endings
Depending on which faction the player sides with, the game's ending is different. The player must handle internal issues within the Institute, which was caused by Shaun's announcement making the Sole Survivor the next director of the organization. Siding with the Institute will lead the Sole Survivor to initiate a purge in the Commonwealth, wiping out the Railroad and the Brotherhood, who pose threats to their progress. Siding with the Brotherhood will lead the Sole Survivor to rebuild Liberty Prime (last seen in Fallout 3, and destroyed after the events of Broken Steel) to be used as a weapon to destroy the Institute. The player must also lead an attack on the Railroad headquarters to wipe out the organization, as they pose a tactical threat to the Brotherhood's ultimate goal of wiping out synthetic life from the Commonwealth. After reactivating Liberty Prime, the Brotherhood of Steel leads a charge against the Institute and blows up its nuclear reactor. Siding with the Railroad will lead the Sole Survivor to go undercover in the Institute and meet with a man codenamed Patriot, to devise a plan to free all the synths and destroy the Institute. The Railroad also deems the Brotherhood of Steel a threat to the freed synths and devises a plan coded "Rockets' Red Glare", a plan to bring down the Prydwen and destroy the Brotherhood of Steel. Siding with the Minutemen will lead the Sole Survivor to rebuild the Minutemen in order to create an army to fight the Institute. Once the Minutemen is restored to its former strength, the player is then tasked to bring the fight to the Institute in order to protect the Commonwealth. If the Brotherhood of Steel is hostile towards the player, the Minutemen will launch a strike to put a stop to their dealings with the Commonwealth. If they are not hostile, then the Minutemen will remain essentially neutral towards the Brotherhood and the Railroad.


[674] GameTitle : Half-Life: Source
Physicist Gordon Freeman arrives for work at the Black Mesa Research Facility and dresses in a HEV suit, an advanced hazmat suit. When he pushes an unusual material into an anti-mass spectrometer for analysis, the spectrometer explodes, creating a "resonance cascade" that opens a portal to another dimension, Xen.
Gordon escapes the destroyed lab. Surviving staff tell him that communications with the outside world have been cut and urge him to head to the surface. Gordon fights his way through Black Mesa, defending himself against hostile Xen creatures — such as Vortigaunts and parasitic headcrabs, which attach themselves to human hosts — and US marines sent to cover up the incident.
At the surface, Gordon learns that scientists from the Lambda Complex may have a way to close the portal. Gordon travels to the other end of the facility to assist them. Along the way, he activates a rocket engine test facility to destroy a giant tentacled creature and uses a disused railway system to reach and launch a satellite rocket. After he is captured by Black Ops and left for dead in a garbage compactor, he escapes and makes his way to an older part of the facility, where he discovers Xen specimens collected before the resonance cascade.
The Marines are overwhelmed by the aliens. Scaling cliffs and navigating destroyed buildings, Gordon reaches safety underground. The Marines pull out of Black Mesa and begin airstrikes. Gordon goes through underground water channels as aliens pick off the remaining Marines. He arrives at the Lambda Complex, where scientists developed the teleportation technology that allowed travel to Xen. The remaining staff tell Gordon that the satellite failed to reverse the effects of the resonance cascade as an immensely powerful being on the other side of the rift is keeping it open. The scientists activate the teleporter to send Gordon to Xen and stop the being.
In Xen, Gordon encounters the remains of researchers before him and defeats Gonarch, the huge egg-laying headcrab. At a factory creating alien soldiers, he defeats levitating creatures and enters a giant portal. In a vast cave, Gordon confronts the Nihilanth, the entity maintaining the rift, and destroys it.
Gordon is awoken by the mysterious G-Man, who has been watching his progress and praises his performance. The G-Man explains that his employers wish to employ Gordon. If he accepts, the G-Man congratulates him and places him into stasis. If he refuses, he is teleported to an area full of hostile Xen creatures.


[676] GameTitle : Mafia III
Mafia III is set in the year 1968, and revolves around Lincoln Clay, a mixed-race African American orphan raised by New Bordeaux's "black mob".[8] After serving in the Vietnam War in the 5th Special Forces Group (United States) and in the 223rd Infantry Regiment (United States) , he returns to New Bordeaux and reunites with his surrogate father Sammy Robinson and his adopted brother Ellis. Planning to head out west to California, Lincoln then learns of an ongoing turf war between Sammy's gang and the Haitian Mob that has put him in serious debt with Sal Marcano, the Don of the Marcano crime family (loosely inspired by the real-life Carlos Marcello and the New Orleans crime family) who then tracks down the Haitian Mob to a shanty town and kills its leader, Baka. Lincoln then meets with Sal, who insinuates that Sammy is too weak to lead and suggests Lincoln take his place. However, Lincoln refuses out of loyalty, and instead works with Sal's son Giorgi to rob the Louisiana Federal Reserve and steal enough money to pay off the debt. The heist is successful, but Sal and Giorgi subsequently have Sammy and Ellis murdered and leave Lincoln to die. Father James, one of Lincoln's oldest friends, rescues him and nurses him back to health. As he recovers, Lincoln contacts John Donovan, his CIA handler in Vietnam. Donovan agrees to use his resources and expertise to help Lincoln exact revenge on the Marcanos and take over New Bordeaux, though his motivations are unclear.
To start, Lincoln recruits three fellow criminals as underbosses: Haitian crime lord Cassandra (who distrusts Lincoln for assassinating her predecessor during the war with Sammy), Irish Mob leader Thomas Burke, whose son Danny was double-crossed and killed after taking part in the heist, and Vito Scaletta, an Italian mafioso and Marcano ally exiled from Empire Bay (a fictionalized New York City) following the events of Mafia II and who has since fallen out of favor with Sal. After eliminating Marcano lieutenants Ritchie Doucet, Roman "The Butcher" Barbieri, and Michael Grecco, and returning their territories to the three, he brings them together and unveils his plan: together, they will systematically eliminate the Marcanos from the ground up, with Lincoln deciding which underboss gets to run each new district he seizes. From this point forward, giving a new territory to an underboss will unlock benefits and increase their kickbacks to Lincoln, who can also complete tasks to strengthen their loyalty. However, if the player angers an underboss repeatedly by not giving them new districts, they will eventually declare war on Lincoln and he will be forced to kill them.
With Donovan providing intelligence, Lincoln eliminates other key members of the Marcano family: racketeer Enzo Conti (who Lincoln spares after learning that he was an old friend of Sammy's), consigliere Tony Derazio, and smuggler Frank Pagani. He also learns that Sal plans to legitimize the Marcano family by building a new casino with counterfeit money and the support of prominent citizen and white supremacist Remy Duvall. He kills Duvall, disgracing his patron Olivia Marcano (who is then executed by Giorgi), and also assassinates family caporegimes Lou and Tommy Marcano. After an attempted hit on Lincoln is foiled, Sal and Giorgi gather their remaining men at the unfinished casino for a last stand. Lincoln kills Giorgi and confronts Sal in his office. Sal explains that he only wanted to protect Giorgi, and gives Lincoln the opportunity to kill him. If he does, then Lincoln will stab Sal and throw him out of a window, but if he waits long enough, Sal will shoot himself out of grief.
As Lincoln leaves the casino, he is confronted by an elderly Leo Galante, representing the Commission. Lincoln assures Leo that his feud was only with the Marcanos and that it ended with Sal's death. Satisfied, Leo allows Lincoln to live and keep New Bordeaux under the condition that he send 20% of his earnings to the Commission, as Sal had previously done. Returning to Donovan and Father James, Lincoln must decide his next move: walk away from New Bordeaux to leave behind his life of crime on advice from Father James, seize power of the city by killing all his underbosses on advice from Donovan, or rule the city together with his underbosses.
If Lincoln leaves New Bordeaux, he effectively disappears from public life, only occasionally sending postcards to Father James from various parts of the world. The underboss who was given the most districts by Lincoln will then seize control of the city. If Lincoln rules New Bordeaux with his underbosses, he expands his criminal empire across the entire Southern United States and becomes a well-known philanthropist. However, Father James openly despises what he has become. If Lincoln chooses to rule New Bordeaux alone, he kills his underbosses, but is then killed by a bomb planted in his car by a remorseful Father James.
In a post-credits scene, Donovan is brought before a Senate committee to answer for his role in Lincoln's rise to power. Donovan explains that he helped Lincoln because he uncovered evidence that Sal was one of the conspirators responsible for the assassination of John F. Kennedy, and that he had only agreed to meet the Senate because one of the senators, Democrat Richard Blake of Louisiana, presiding over the hearing was also implicated as a conspirator in Sal's files. Donovan then kills the senator with a concealed silenced pistol and declares that he will track down everybody else responsible for President Kennedy's death.


[679] GameTitle : Kane &amp; Lynch 2: Dog Days
Immediately after Kane arrives in Shanghai, Lynch forces his friend to help on an errand: threatening an informant named Li "Brady" Lung. The plan goes badly and a chase through gang territory ensues. After shooting a number of gang members, the pair corner Brady and his girlfriend in a wet market. A quick firefight ensues, and Kane accidentally shoots Brady's girlfriend. Brady calmly commits suicide.
The next day Kane and Lynch talk to Glazer about the smuggling operation, but their limousine is ambushed by Brady's gang. After a firefight on the highway and through the streets, they are told the leader of their attackers is a crime lord named Hsing. Kane, Lynch and Glazer's mercenaries raid Hsing's sweatshop headquarters and capture him. During interrogation, Hsing reveals the girl Kane shot was the daughter of an exceptionally high-ranking Politburo official called Shangsi, and that anyone friendly with the two men is effectively open season. Upon hearing this Glazer's men turn on Kane and Lynch, who are then forced to kill their former associates in order to hide the truth from Glazer. They then escape the police and Hsing's gang.
Lying low in a restaurant for a couple of hours, Lynch tries to call Xiu and tell her to meet him so they can flee Shanghai, but she doesn't pick up. Suddenly a Chinese SWAT team arrives. Kane and Lynch kill the policemen, then race to Xiu's apartment as she must also be a target. Discovering her apartment complex has been taken over by Hsing's men, the pair fight through the building, and find Xiu being held at gunpoint by Hsing. Kane suggests they kill Hsing immediately, but fearing for Xiu's safety Lynch knocks Kane unconscious and surrenders.
Kane, Lynch, and Xiu are brutally tortured by Hsing in a bathroom. Believed dead, Lynch is dumped in an alleyway. When he regains consciousness he kills Hsing and saves Kane, but is too late to save Xiu, who has been raped and killed. Both Kane and Lynch are naked and badly lacerated with box cutters, but they still escape into the city, fighting their way through another SWAT team in the process.
After finding clothes, the pair arrive at Glazer's arms-deal in a shipbuilding complex, naively hoping Glazer hasn't heard about their problems. Glazer does already know the truth about Shangsi's daughter's death and orders his men to kill them – but Kane and Lynch manage to annihilate the gang and corner Glazer, who begs for mercy and reveals that he has a plane that can be used to leave Shanghai. He is then killed by a military sniper, who they realize was sent by Shangsi who has used Glazer to entrap the pair. After fighting through many PLA soldiers and policemen, Kane and Lynch board a freight train leaving the area, thinking they're finally out of trouble. However the train is stopped and they are captured by the military.
While being transported by helicopter to meet Shangsi, Kane and Lynch hijack the vehicle, use the onboard weapons to gun down other helicopters, and force the pilot to land on Shangsi's skyscraper. They slaughter security and destroy much of the building before confronting Shangsi in his own office. Impressed by their skills, Shangsi offers them a pardon in exchange for serving as his employees. In revenge for Xiu's death, and fearing betrayal, Lynch kills Shangsi out of hand. Kane is distraught, realising they now have no chance of redemption or mercy in China.
Some time later, Kane and Lynch sneak into the Shanghai International Airport in order to fly Glazer's private jet out of the country. However, the authorities are alerted and after shooting their way through several areas of the airport they find the jet partially dismantled in a hangar. With no other choice, the two are forced to flee on to the runway, police hot on their heels, and hijack a commercial airliner heading for Balzar, Ecuador.


[683] GameTitle : Kane and Lynch: Dead Men
The game opens with a voiceover of Adam 'Kane' Marcus, reading a letter addressed to his daughter Jenny. Kane is traveling to death row after being convicted of manslaughter. Another death row inmate, James Seth Lynch, lets on there will be a breakout. Their truck is involved in a head-on collision by a group of mercenaries. The two are taken to a construction site, where they are confronted by four members of a gang of criminals called The 7, led by The Brothers and their henchmen Carlos (a close friend of Kane) and Mute. They accuse Kane of stealing money from them, and reveal that they have taken his wife and daughter hostage. Kane is given three weeks to retrieve the money or his wife and daughter will be killed.
After the meeting with The 7, police officers arrive and the two are forced to shoot their way out of the construction site. Later, Kane explains that he did not steal from The 7, but knows who did, and where they hid it. Kane and Lynch rob a local bank where the money is being kept. Though only half of the money is inside the safe, Kane believes he knows where the other half is. Meanwhile, Lynch, who suffers from periodic episodes of violent psychosis, blacks out and kills all of the hostages after his medication wears off, forcing Kane and Lynch to shoot their way out and flee in a van driven by their getaway driver. Losing the police in the subway after the van crashes, Kane informs Lynch that they need to go to Tokyo to retrieve the other half of the money.
In Tokyo, the pair go after Retomoto, a Japanese crime lord, by kidnapping his daughter Yoko as ransom. While Kane negotiates with Retomoto over the phone, Lynch accidentally shoots and kills Yoko while trying to stop her from escaping. Kane, Lynch and The 7's hired guns then proceed to escape from Retomoto's hitmen. Kane is furious with Lynch, but he soon realizes that they are out of time, and must return to The 7 with only half of the stolen money.
Lynch reveals to Kane that he made a deal with The 7 to ensure his survival as well as a position within The 7, but he is betrayed and knocked unconscious at the construction site where Kane and his family are to be executed. Kane's plea for extra time is denied, as The Brothers and Carlos depart for Havana, leaving Mute to carry out the deed. Kane's wife expresses her disgust with Kane but is executed by Mute before he has a chance to speak to her as promised. Regaining consciousness, Lynch snaps and attacks his kidnappers while Kane beats Mute to death. Kane and Lynch then protect Kane's daughter Jenny from The 7's reinforcements as she cries over her mother's body.
Kane buries his wife and decides to finish off The 7 for the sake of his daughter's safety. Kane and Lynch free a group of "dead men" from prison: Rific, Thapa and Shelly. These men had been wronged by The 7 and join the duo to get revenge, although Shelly expresses resentment at working with Lynch and suggests that he may have killed his own wife. Before flying to Havana, they return to Tokyo and kill Retomoto, reclaiming the briefcase of money to finance their war with The 7. In Havana, Kane keeps everyone motivated with promises of payment as they track down The Brothers and Carlos. Kane informs Lynch that The 7 profit from assisting factions in civil wars, with Havana supposedly the last job needed for their retirement. They find themselves caught up in an ongoing civil war, joining the Cuban Revolutionary Armed Forces and battling The 7's forces trying to stage a coup d'état. They find Carlos, abandoned by The Brothers. Kane recruits him, and Thapa, no longer trusting Kane, abandons the mission as a result.
The Dead Men then fight their way through the Venezuelan jungle, and locate The Brothers at their compound. Shelly demands his pay for helping Kane, that Kane claimed Shelly, Rific and Thapa would get for helping him, Carlos tells Shelly and Rific that there is plenty of heroin in the village that they can take as compensation. Carlos then volunteers to go on ahead and open the gates with an explosive trying to create a diversion, but vanishes inside. This leads Lynch to think that Carlos tricked them all into a trap. Then Kane and Lynch discover over Carlos's radio that The 7 have again captured Jenny. They discover in the compound courtyard Jenny, unharmed and Carlos' corpse. They suddenly get ambushed by The Brothers and their mercenaries, The Elder Brother claims the killing of Carlos, forcing Kane to shoot a mine beside Carlos' corpse and the two then kill The Elder Brother. The Younger Brother however, manages to escape with Jenny and attempts to take off in an airplane.




From left to right: Thapa, Lynch, Kane, Shelly, and Rific.


Kane and Lynch follow in a car and disable the plane's engines before killing the Younger Brother. Jenny then pulls a gun on Kane and blames him for her mother's death. Kane tells her that whether she hates him or not he will get her to safety. Kane is then given the choice of rescuing Rific and Shelly from the village church, who are being pinned down by The 7's mercenaries, or escaping in a helicopter with Jenny and leaving them to die.
If Kane boards the helicopter with Jenny and leaves Rific and Shelly to die, Jenny will resent her father for leaving his men and tell him that she hates him. As they are escaping in the helicopter, Lynch, on the ground, says to himself, "I fucking knew it, from the first second I fucking knew it."
In the other ending chapter, Kane chooses to rescue Rific and Shelly, who are trapped in a burning church towering over a village. Kane and Lynch are too late to save Rific, but Shelly is still alive. He feels betrayed despite the rescue attempt. As they escape to the pier, Jenny is shot, and Kane carries her body along. Shelly loses his patience and attempts to escape on one of the boats alone but appears to be killed by an explosion, although his boat is seen leaving the pier. Lynch is shot as he escapes on an undamaged boat with Kane, while Jenny's status is still unknown. The boat drifts slowly with the river, while Kane holds Jenny and whispers to her about the letter he tried to send her.


[688] GameTitle : Danganronpa V3: Killing Harmony
High school student Kaede Akamatsu is kidnapped and awakens in the "Ultimate Academy for Gifted Juveniles" (才囚学園, Sai-shū Gakuen), where she meets fellow student Shuichi Saihara and 14 others. The group is abruptly accosted by a series of bear robots also known as the Monokuma Kubs who expose them to a "Memory Light". When Kaede next awakes, she remembers her life as the Ultimate Pianist, while Shuichi is the Ultimate Detective. Their other classmates each have their own talents and histories. Monokuma arrives and informs the students that the only way to escape is to successfully kill another student and get away with it in a subsequent Class Trial. If nobody is killed within two days, Monokuma will prematurely end the game by killing all of the students.
Shuichi reasons that there must be a mastermind controlling Monokuma, and Kaede works with him to set a trap to expose the mastermind just prior to the time limit. However, concerned that there would not be enough time to stop the mastermind, Kaede secretly alters the trap to kill the person it catches. Unfortunately, amnesiac Rantaro Amami is caught and killed instead of the mastermind. During the following class trial, Kaede attempts to uncover the mastermind but fails. She confesses to her crime, encourages Shuichi to keep going, and is executed.
Although brokenhearted at Kaede's death, Shuichi soon develops a friendship with the Ultimate Astronaut Kaito Momota and the Ultimate Assassin Maki Harukawa. Several more murders take place, all of which Shuichi is able to solve, though he is often vexed by Ultimate Supreme Leader Kokichi Ouma. The students find additional Memory Lights and gradually remember that they are students of the reopened Hope's Peak Academy, who were sent into space in the hopes of preserving humanity after meteors began to fall upon the Earth and a deadly epidemic had ravaged the remainder of the population. Kokichi reveals the outside world to be destroyed and claims to have returned the spaceship to Earth and masterminded the killing game before kidnapping Kaito.
Shuichi, Maki, and the other students stage a rescue mission with the aim of saving Kaito and stopping the game, only to discover an unrecognizable corpse. Further complicating the mystery is the arrival of a massive EXISAL mech—one of five previously piloted by Monokuma's children—whose unseen pilot sounds and identifies himself as Kokichi but bears the idiosyncrasies of both Kokichi and Kaito. During the ensuing trial, it becomes clear that Kokichi was not the mastermind and only claimed as such to try and draw the real one out: Kokichi convinced Kaito to kill him and then pretend to be Kokichi in the hopes of creating a crime Monokuma could not solve and defeat the game. His identity exposed, Kaito emerges from the EXISAL and urges the survivors to uncover the truth before being executed.
Unwilling to continue the game, the Ultimate Robot, K1-B0 decides to destroy the school, giving Shuichi until dawn to find the mastermind. Shuichi, Maki, and the other survivors - the Ultimate Magician Himiko Yumeno and the Ultimate Cosplayer Tsumugi Shirogane - investigate the school and discover evidence contradicting their memories, as well as inconsistencies in Rantaro's crime scene. They further learn that Rantaro was the Ultimate Survivor, having taken part in a previous killing game. Shuichi calls a final class trial to re-try Rantaro's case.
At the trial, Shuichi accuses Tsumugi of being the mastermind, having killed Rantaro and framed Kaede. Tsumugi confesses and reveals that the students' memories, talents, relationships, and personalities are entirely fake, the Memory Light being a brainwashing device and the destroyed world being a sound stage. The students are in fact taking part in "Danganronpa 53 (V3)", the 53rd season of a lethal reality TV show watched by millions based on the fictional Danganronpa media franchise. All of the Ultimates, barring K1-B0, were ordinary individuals who willingly had their previous lives' memories permanently erased in exchange for a talent and a fake background; many, including Shuichi, Kaede, and Kaito, are revealed to have joined purely for fame, fortune, or the thrill of the game, and were far less trusting and altruistic than their killing game selves. Tsumugi offers the students the choice between "hope" - where she is executed but the students must choose two of their own to take part in the next killing game as Rantaro, a survivor of the 52nd season did - or "despair" - where K1-B0 will be executed and the game will continue.
Shuichi encourages the students to abstain from voting, meaning execution but also the end of the game. Tsumugi erases K1-B0's personality and has him serve only as a conduit for viewer votes, but Shuichi uses this to make an impassioned plea directly to the viewers to stop watching. At the vote, all parties abstain including K1-B0, indicating the audience has given up on Danganronpa. As the remaining viewers tune out, a defeated Tsumugi orders K1-B0 to destroy the school. He does so, killing Tsumugi in the process, then activates his self-destruct feature and deliberately flies into the glass dome surrounding the school to allow the others to escape. Shuichi, Maki, and Himiko consider the possibility that Tsumugi was lying about their pasts being entirely fake and depart for the real world.


[689] GameTitle : Deus Ex: Invisible War
Note: While the general plot of Invisible War follows a distinct path, many elements such as faction alliances and character interactions are subject to the player's decisions. The game also offers several subplots and explanations which the player may or may not encounter, depending on their actions within the game. This synopsis concentrates on the main, unavoidable plot thread of the game.
The game opens with a terrorist attack on Chicago by the Knights Templar; a nanite bomb turns the entire city into grey goo, with the staff and trainees of the city's Tarsus Academy facility barely escaping in time.[11][12] After relocating to Tarsus' Seattle facility, the city's own Tarsus facility is attacked by soldiers of the Order. Alex, discovering with Billie's help that Tarsus has been observing their trainees in secret under the guidance of Nassif, escapes the facility and is subsequently offered missions by Tarsus, the Order, the WTO, and the Omar. During these missions, Alex learns that their biomods were created by ApostleCorp, and follows Nassif from Seattle to Cairo, which is being disrupted by fighting between the factions. Alex's fellow students follow different paths during the narrative; Billie initially allies with the Order before joining the Knights Templar, Klara joins the WTO, while Leo becomes involved with the Omar and can become an unwilling convert.
After locating Nassif, Alex learns that they are part of JC's plan to distribute their biomod technology worldwide, and that JC is currently incapacitated due to his own augmentations clashing with Helios. Alex goes to Trier to use a teleportation gate to reach JC's hiding place in Antarctica—while in Trier, Alex meets up with Tong and is sent to save key figures from being killed by the Templars, learning of the Illuminati's involvement. After activating the teleportation gate and reaching Antarctica, Alex is confronted by Billie and then revives JC. JC explains his plan of connecting all of humanity to Helios using Alex's biomods, paving the way for an ideal democracy. Alex is sent to Cairo to revive Paul with their compatible biomods. There Alex has the option of saving Paul, killing him under orders from Dumier, or handing him over to Samar.
Brought by JC's agents to Liberty Island, Alex learns that the island holds an old part of the pre-Collapse worldwide communication network which can be used by each faction. No matter what choices Alex has made up to now, they can choose to side with any faction, or kill all the leaders on Liberty Island. If Alex follows JC's plan, the biomods are distributed worldwide, giving Helios the ability to access all human thought, allowing it to govern humanity. If Alex sides with the Illuminati, they use the network to help create a global surveillance state where communication and the economy are controlled. If Alex joins the Templars, they help unite humanity under a theocracy where biomod use and those considered impure are ruthlessly suppressed. Killing all other factions on Liberty Island leads to global chaos, turning Earth into a wasteland dominated by the Omar.


[695] GameTitle : Richard &amp; Alice
Having been used to being alone in his prison cell, Richard meets Alice when she moves into the cell opposite his at the beginning of the game. The pair begin talking, and learn a little about each other. Richard tells Alice that he used to be in the military, but was arrested for desertion. Alice, who is wry and sarcastic, tells Richard she is a murderer, though initially Richard is not sure whether to believe her. Alice's desire to see Richard's family photo leads to a discussion about the past, and Alice begins to tell Richard the story of how she ended up in jail.
In a flashback, it is revealed that Alice and her five-year-old son Barney were kidnapped by an old man. During the flashback they escape from the basement in which they were being held, and run off into the snow.
Back in the jail, Richard and Alice discuss the nature of the prison. By watching the television, the player is able to learn that the jail's eventually intended use is as a luxurious underground shelter for when the weather becomes even worse, and that its use as a prison is a trial run to assess its suitability. The jail is part of a wider plan known as the Typhon Project that will house the rich deep underground, away from the dangers outside. Richard and Alice continue to talk, and Alice confirms that she is indeed inside for murder. By exploring optional dialogue choices, the player can learn that Alice has a history of depression, and that she has been provided with medication by the prison guards. Alice continues to tell the story of how she ended up in jail.
In another flashback, Alice and Barney search for shelter, eventually coming across a seemingly abandoned house. They force their way inside, where they find food and clothes, a collapsed staircase, and recent signs of life. Alice finds a keepsake box containing a photo and keys. Opening a locked door with the keys, Alice finds a bathroom covered in dried blood. Elsewhere in the building Alice finds mysterious notes and scraps of information that seem to point to the house being used as a base for suspicious activity, as well as torn military papers belonging to someone named Malcolm York Mosely. Alice and Barney use the clothes they discover as bedding, board up the door, and settle in for the night.
Back in the present day jail scenario, Richard and Alice attempt to lower the temperature in their jail cell by fashioning an implement to adjust the Environmental Control Unit outside their cells. However, the pole snaps and the temperature gets lowered to below freezing. The pair attempt to rectify the situation by sending a support ticket to the prison guards. Alice continues to tell her story.
In a third flashback, Alice takes Barney to visit his father. The pair walk until they find a makeshift graveyard, and Alice and Barney take flowers to the grave. Both Alice and Barney talk to Barney's father, Mark, before leaving.
In the jail, Richard and Alice are becoming increasingly cold, and attempt to send another support ticket, but find the system to be down for maintenance. They discover a user manual that describes how to handle emergency situations by pressing a button hidden behind their bathroom cabinets. The pair both press the button, which beeps, but gives no other indication of help being on the way. Richard fears that he will be given harsher punishments due to the pair's actions, but Alice reassures him that he is unlikely to be punished more than he already has. Alice continues to tell her story.
In the next flashback, time has passed and Barney is unwell. Alice steps outside of the abandoned house, which the pair have settled into, and decides to try to get upstairs, beyond the broken staircase, in the hope that she will find medicine. It is implied that Alice believes Barney has pneumonia, though she reassures her son that it is just a head cold. Alice walks until she finds a church, in which she finds several helpful items. Eventually she finds a way into the upstairs of the house, where she finds numerous dead bodies, as well as a note suggesting they had been held captive in the house ahead of their deaths. Alice learns of medicine in a bunker beneath the church, where she travels with Barney. In the church Barney re-activates an old machine that reads through data related to the weather. Barney insists that Alice write the information down, which she does on the back of an old photograph she finds. Alice makes her way into the church bunker, where she finds another dead body whose identity is hinted at by a note found in the snow. While Alice is in the bunker, two men enter the church and begin speaking with Barney. One of the men becomes noticeably agitated and worries that Barney is the son of one of the Polar Bears, a notorious local gang. The other man asks Barney not to mention that they were there, and the men leave without harming Barney, much to Alice's relief. However, upon searching the bunker, Alice finds that the only medicine present is insulin.
In the present day, Alice and Richard are close to freezing to death in the jail, and decide on a radical escape plan by attempting to set fire to their cells. Richard manages to do so, and is lucky to avoid death when the cell doors take longer than expected to open. He begins to tell Alice he has not been truthful with her with the pair are able to escape and head to the nearest elevator, where Richard becomes excited by their escape, and asks Alice why she does not share his enthusiasm. Alice tells him he doesn't understand, before beginning to recite the final part of her story.
In a final flashback, Alice stands over Barney, who is now barely conscious. Alice believes he is about to die. Seeking comfort, she heads to the church to find a mysterious man in the confessional booth. She enters, and speaks with him, learning that the man used to be a meteorologist working from within the church bunker, and living at the abandoned house where Alice and Barney have been staying. The man is deeply religious, but does not mind Alice's atheism, and respects her convictions. The man advises Alice to go to her husband's grave and speak to him for answers, which Alice does. Speaking to his grave, Alice tells Mark that recently she has been considering suicide. When she receives no response, Alice becomes angry and frustrated. She walks back to the house and, out of desperation, shoots Barney to end his suffering.
Back in the present day, Richard tries to comfort Alice about the situation, but Alice assures him she is fine. The pair come to a foyer area where they find a guard hanged from the ceiling and a large pool of blood. The pair find a way past the security lasers but are left stumped by a code lock on the main door. Richard continues to tell Alice about his dishonesty, and reveals that, after deserting the army, he joined a group who were involved in smuggling operations with the prison. His group had radioed through door codes that would still work in the future due to a security loophole in the system. However, Richard says, he cannot remember any of the codes. Alice asks Richard for the family photo he showed her at the start of the game, and is confused when Alice looks at the back of the photo and tells him the door code. It is revealed that the numbers written down by Alice in the church correspond with one of the codes they can use to escape from the prison.
Outside, the pair talk. It is revealed that Richard was one of the men who spoke to Barney in the church, and that Richard's group had been trading humans with the Polar Bears in exchange for food, shelter, and access to government-controlled safe zones. Richard tries to claim that he thought he was doing the right thing, but Alice remains angry with him. The pair walk to the graveyard, where a new, smaller grave now sits next to Alice's husband's. Alice reveals that she in fact does not know where her husband was buried, nor who is in the grave in front of her. Alice walks towards Barney's grave and begins to talk to him, becoming emotional.


[716] GameTitle : The Beast Within: A Gabriel Knight Mystery
The storyline weaves together werewolf mythology and Bavarian history with sexual intrigue and businessmen's quest for their primal roots. The game's two lead characters are Gabriel Knight—the seemingly less-than-bright but smart-as-a-fox mystery writer and bookstore owner—and Grace Nakimura (played by Joanne Takahashi), his less-than-trusting and keen assistant. Knight (portrayed by Dean Erickson) has inherited a castle in a small German village and the title of Schattenjäger ("shadow hunter" in German) that comes with it. It has been a year since the voodoo murders case (Sins of the Fathers) and the local villagers implore him to investigate the mysterious death of a little girl—caused, they believe, by a werewolf. Knight and Nakimura's search for clues takes them to Munich, King Ludwig II's famous Neuschwanstein Castle, Altötting and Bavaria's forested countryside. Their efforts lead them to uncover the truth about King Ludwig's mysterious death and discover a lost Richard Wagner opera, written by Robert Holmes (composer of music in the game).


[722] GameTitle : All the Delicate Duplicates
When single parent/computer engineer John inherits a collection of arcane objects, journals and sketches from an enigmatic relative named Mo, he confines them to his loft. Seeking inspiration for her school art class, John's daughter Charlotte accidentally uncovers these objects and journals, latching on to Mo's wild, surreal creativity and bizarre scientific theories with childlike obsession and wonder. Charlotte bombards John (who confesses he cannot remember Mo and knows nothing about her mysterious objects) with questions: Who was Mo? How did she die? Did she go insane? Why did she draw such weird pictures?
As Mo's odd possessions nestle their way into Charlotte's everyday existence, she becomes more challenging and rebellious. Forced to embark upon her own research, Charlotte eventually questions whether Mo really was the 'distant relative' her father claims. As John and Charlotte grow apart, both are forced to consider a new reality: that Mo may be more familiar to John than he admits.[5]


[744] GameTitle : Black Home
Rajawadi Remand Home is in lot of controversy because of many illegal activities. DK a news channel bureau chief is all over it again and wants to bring the facts out. He is surrounded with channel politics. He uses a non performing female journalist Anjali to expose the racket and the dark side of the society shows its ugly face. It unfolds so many cruel realities of the crime &amp; politics, which we consistently ignore. System is not so easy to expose.[2]
The film attempts to highlight the harsh situations faced by kids in remand homes.[3]


[750] GameTitle : Advent Rising
The game begins with Gideon Wyeth; the protagonist, escorting a group of human ambassadors from a space station to a meeting with an alien race called the Aurelians. At the meeting, the Aurelians tell the humans that they view them as gods and then warn them of another race of aliens called the Seekers who intend to destroy all humanity. Shortly thereafter, the space station is attacked by the Seekers. Gideon manages to board an escape pod and lands on the planet Edumea below.
On the planet, Gideon aids the Marines in their battle against the Seekers, but soon learns that the planet will shortly be destroyed by a meteor shower. The planet is evacuated, and Gideon accepts an invitation from the Aurelians to board their ship. After learning that humans have untapped mystical powers, he begins training with the Aurelians.
As Gideon is training, the ship is attacked by the Seekers. Gideon and some of the Aurelians evacuate to the Seeker vessel, though it is on a crash course with the Aurelian homeworld. Gideon and the remaining Aurelians find the planet overrun by Seekers. After liberating the planet, they travel to the Galactic Council to seek their help in combating the Seeker assault on humanity.
When the Council calls the Seekers to explain themselves, a being materializes in the Council chambers claiming to be a “true” human and a god. The being, a Koroem, takes full responsibility for the human genocide and claims that it ordered the Seekers to exterminate humanity because they were physically imitating the Koroem.
A battle ensues after the Koroem wounds one of the Aurelians, but it is ultimately killed when Gideon uses a previously unknown mystical ability. This opens a portal that Gideon is dragged into. He finds himself on an ice planet, where a horned creature dubbed "The Stranger" appears and says, "Come with me, human. There is much to be done." It then beckons Gideon to follow.
Characters[edit]

Gideon Wyeth (voiced by Will Friedle) — The main character of the game. He is a member of one of the last human outposts.
Ethan Wyeth — Gideon's hotshot older brother. Because of his celebrity following the Independence Wars, he is assigned the role of pilot for the mission of first contact with the Aurelians. He used his connections to instate Gideon as his co-pilot.
Olivia Morgan (voiced by Vanessa Marshall) — Gideon's fiancé, a scientist assigned to Luriam space station.
Marin Steel — A decorated pilot from the Independence Wars, she encounters Gideon as he attempts to escape Bahr Han on her ship. She is captured by the Seekers and unsuccessfully imprisoned on the island of Teran, having developed her own psychic powers.
Kelehm Farwaters (voiced by Dwight Schultz) — A ninth-tier Garhgon (an Aurelian religious caste), he has trained himself in the telekinetic arts. Kelehm belongs to "the old faith" which states that the discovery of humans is part of a prophecy and the Aurelians will gain greater psychic power through them.
Enorym Tenspur (voiced by Michael Bell) — Ally to Gideon and the most highly trained of the Aurelian elite fighters, Enorym serves as a commander of the elite Felidic warriors. Enorym leads an assault on a Seeker ship shortly after Gideon learns how to use his psychic powers.
Bud - A troublemaking Marine that starts a bar fight with Gideon and later challenges him and Ethan to a training match. After losing, Bud fires a blaster at Ethan. The player then has the choice of either using a stungun to disable Bud or picking up a blaster and killing him, which determines whether his squadmates help you or abandon you in a later gameplay segment.
K'Chell — A Seeker ambassador who interrupts the planetary ruling council and demands that the Aurelians hand over Gideon and Marin. When Kelehm refuses, K'Chell kills him, then escapes to the ansible to inform the Seeker armada.
Sevan — A council member on Aurelia, he leads a rebellion to give the humans to the Seekers and avoid retaliation. After staging a coup, he co-opts the council, gives Marin to the Seekers, and puts Enorym on trial for treason.
Banath — Originally serving as Enorym's best warrior, he is revealed to be a double agent for Sevan. Having planted a Seeker ambush inside the ansible, Banath becomes visibly angry after Enorym orders him to escort Marin back to the Aurelian capital. He returns with a dropship manned by other rebels after giving Marin to the Seekers and announces his betrayal by killing one of Enorym's warriors. Gideon kills Banath shortly after Enorym is put on trial.



[751] GameTitle : Jade Empire: Special Edition
Jade Empire takes place in a fictional kingdom inspired by ancient China. The game developers had a constructed language, Tho Fan, created for the game by Canadian linguist Wolf Wikeley. The language has been designed to sound ancient and distinctly Asian.[14] Tho Fan does without the verb "to be"; instead, articles are used to mark tense. In the game, the Tho Fan phrases do not actually match up to their on-screen translations—most of them are actually a set of a few dozen pre-rendered phrases. In fact, the game will often use exactly the same audio track to say successive sentences, as also occurs in Star Wars: Knights of the Old Republic.
Characters[edit]
Player characters[edit]
Prior to starting the game, the player must choose one of either six or seven playable characters, depending on the game version. The Gender of the character is by far the most important factor at character creation since it will determine the various romance options as well as the responses of many non-player characters throughout the story. There are no differences in combat capabilities between the Genders.
The default playable characters are labeled "fast" (Mind specialists), "magic" (Spirit specialists), "strong" (Body specialists), or "balanced". The male playable characters are Furious Ming (fast, tattooed), Lu the Prodigy (balanced, athletic), Tiger Shen (strong, large and muscular), and Monk Zeng (magic, dressed as a Buddhist monk). The female characters are Radiant Jen Zi (fast, diminutive), Scholar Ling (magic, contemplative), and Wu the Lotus Blossom (balanced, seductive). Monk Zeng is only available in the Limited Xbox and Special PC editions of the game. The names of the characters can be customized prior to starting the game. Other than Gender-based differences, the Jade Empire plot does not distinguish among the player characters (for example, all male characters will have the same dialog response options, and will be received the same way by the story). Some NPCs will give a vague description of the player character's appearance.
The player character models all share common expressive traits. Through most conversations, the faces of the playable characters are calm and expressionless. When choosing a rare humorous or witty response from dialog options, a slight, barely perceptible smile appears on the character models. When choosing a mean-spirited or angry response, a much more perceptible scowl shows itself. Many of the pre-generated video cut scenes are rendered separately for each player character model.
Non-player characters[edit]
During the course of the game the player will meet various non-player characters. Some will have the willingness to join the player's party and thereby become a 'follower'. Many more characters will not become followers, but will present opportunities for side-quests or casual conversation. The non-player characters include:

Dawn Star, voiced by Kim Mai Guest. She is a fellow student of the Two Rivers school under Master Li. She is an orphan with the ability to sense spirits, and the only thing she knows about her past is that she is named after an ominous light, which causes people to be wary of her.
Sagacious Zu, voiced by Robin Atkin Downes. He is a former member of the Lotus Assassins, who disagreed with the unnecessary slaughter ordered by Death's Hand. He attempts to stay away from trouble to avoid them, but he is drawn into the Spirit Monk's ordeal, often providing valuable insight into the Assassins. He hides much of his past, which includes getting an unnamed child to safety, and his role within the Assassins.
Sky, voiced by Cam Clarke. He is a thief with a grudge against Gao the Greater, a pirate, slave trader and (as is revealed later) Lotus Assassin enforcer, for the death of Sky's young daughter. He does not like being shackled by society, so he constantly travels, all while looking for his revenge.
Wild Flower, voiced by Nicky Pugh. She is a young girl who died during the flooding of Tien's Landing. She is then used by the Heavenly Gate Guardian, Chai Ka, as an anchor to the world, so that he may help the Spirit Monk and safeguard a piece of the amulet. He cares greatly for Wild Flower, and protects her from harm. Ya Zhen, an evil demon with goals of world domination, also inhabits her body in order to counterbalance Chai Ka's existence. The two constantly battle for control, and they manifest from Wild Flower's body in order to fight.
Silk Fox, voiced by Masasa Moyo. She is a mysterious, black-clad assassin, who reveals herself to be Princess Sun Lian, The Heavenly Lily. She works undercover as a commoner in order to seek out evidence that Death's Hand is manipulating her father. A stereotypical rich girl by nature, she comes over as snobbish and a bit naive, seeing her allies as commoners who are only worthy of traveling with her because she allows it. Nonetheless, she enjoys her other side as it gives her the freedom to break away from tradition from time to time.
Henpecked Hou, voiced by Josh Dean. He is a Bun Master and a former combatant in the Imperial Arena. He formerly used the "Drunken Master" style of fighting, but the constant consumption of alcohol left him destitute. Eventually, he married his promoter's niece, who quickly became overbearing and forced him to stop fighting and settle down. Hou is highly fearful of his wife, whom he constantly seeks to escape but is never able to actually leave. Depending on the actions of the student, Hou may at last break free of his overbearing wife in the game's epilogue.
Kang the Mad, voiced by Paul Eiding. He is an avid inventor who specializes in making things "fly and explode." He is generally eccentric, not very socially skilled, and quite arrogant about his creations. He does not believe in making improvements, and he instead completely destroys older models before building new ones. He has a very faulty memory, and he has a mysterious connection to Lord Lao's Furnace, which was created by a celestial being.
Zin Bu. He is a high-ranking member of the Celestial Bureaucracy charged with keeping tabs on the damage caused by the student and cataloging it to keep the universe in balance. After being replaced by an entire department, he is relegated to trade, selling items to the main character. Zin Bu ends up accepting and, in time, even enjoying his new job, as he no longer has to endure the workload that keeping track of the student brought him.
Black Whirlwind, voiced by Victor Brandt.[15] He is a dual axe-wielding mercenary known for his short temper, affinity for wine, and eagerness to kill. Though he is rather simple-minded and loves fighting, Whirlwind is not an evil but rather a chaotic individual. Zin Bu, formerly in charge of tracking and recording the student's actions, at one point remarks that an entire department is not enough to properly track Black Whirlwind.
Death's Hand. He is the mysterious armor-clad leader of the Lotus Assassins, and the Emperor's adviser. He is believed to be fanatically loyal to the Emperor. However, the Emperor's daughter Sun Lian, has doubts, being suspicious that he is plotting to seize control of the Empire. Death's Hand is dreaded by all in the Empire, and his very name is enough to terrify even other Lotus Assassins.
Abbot Song, voiced by Armin Shimerman. He is a deceased Spirit Monk killed during the siege on Dirge. He helps the student restore Dirge and the Water Dragon's power.
Master Li, voiced by Barry Dennen. He is a humble martial arts master, who trains his prized student for a coming ordeal. He reveals that he is really Sun Li, The Glorious Strategist, the brother of the Emperor said to have been killed as a traitor years before. He is soon kidnapped by the Lotus Assassins, and his student begins to search for him.
Emperor Sun Hai, voiced by Armin Shimerman. He is the leader of the Empire. Sun Hai is credited for having saved the Empire from the "Long Drought", which completely crippled the Empire. In the years since, the Emperor has become more and more reclusive, while Death's Hand has begun appearing more often in public. When he is confronted by his daughter and the student in his palace, Sun Hai is furious at their attempt to challenge his authority. He then reveals that he is a ghost, and vows to destroy the student. He is killed by the student after an extensive battle in the palace throne room.

Romance[edit]
Jade Empire gives the player-character the option to form a romantic relationship with several of the non-player characters, including characters of the same sex. A successfully romanced non-player character will be found outside the player-character's tent on the eve of the battle against the golems. Unless the player chooses to reject the NPC, the two will lean in to kiss (although if the character is of the same sex, the camera will pan away before the actual kiss itself). Male characters can romance Dawn Star, Silk Fox or Sky. Female characters can romance Sky or Silk Fox. Male characters can also romance both Dawn Star and Silk Fox at the same time. If this is the case, the cutscene and dialog at the tent implies that Dawn Star and Silk Fox spent some time together in their grief and lead the player character off for a ménage à trois. Romancing allows the player to influence the non-player character's way of thinking. For example, the normally calm and collected Dawn Star can be persuaded to stand up for herself and become an altogether less mellow person, effectively following the path of the Closed Fist.
Story[edit]
Chapter 1: Two Rivers
The game begins with the player cast as a martial arts student under the tutelage of Master Li, head of the Two Rivers martial arts school, based in the Golden Delta.[16]
The player's training is interrupted as the town of Two Rivers comes under attack from an aggressor in a strange ship, who summons ghosts to attack the student. The attacker is defeated by Master Li, who comes to the student's rescue and reveals that the attacker was a member of the Lotus Assassins, a mysterious force serving the Emperor of the Jade Empire. Gao the Lesser, a rival of the student, issues a challenge for a duel and loses. He is expelled from the school after he attempts to use explicitly forbidden magic on the student. Master Li explains that the student is the last of the order of Spirit Monks. He, a brother of the Emperor and leader of the Empire's army, had ordered an attack on Dirge, where the Spirit Monks' temple existed, in order to end the Long Drought. He claims to have opposed the act and to have saved the student and the Dragon's Amulet.
He sends the student to a cave beneath the school, where the student finds part of a Spirit Monk amulet and has a vision of the Water Dragon—the entity whose death at the hands of the Emperor ended the decade-long Long Drought, but left spirits roaming the land. Dawn Star, one of the students at the school and a friend of the player, is kidnapped by Gao The Lesser. The student rescues her but returns to find the village in flames and Master Li kidnapped. The student, Dawn Star, and Sagacious Zu, a man whom they met in the swamps around the village, head off in a borrowed flying machine towards the Imperial City, where Master Li has been taken.
Chapter 2: Tien's Landing
The party crash-lands their machine in Tien's Landing and sets out to find a new flier and a wind map that will show them the way to the Imperial City. The new flyer, called the Marvelous Dragonfly, is taken from the base of Gao the Greater, the father of the dead student of the first chapter. Gao the Greater is working with Grand Inquisitor Jia's elite subordinate, Inquisitor Lim, and is distressed to hear of his son's death. The player tracks down and kills him, and recruits Sky, a rogue, and Kang The Mad, Gao's personal engineer.
The party goes to a recently drained area near Tien's Landing, which flooded when the dam was first constructed. The Lotus Assassins opened the dam in order to search the ruins of old Tien's Landing. The student fights Chai Ka, a demon bound in the body of a little girl, and learns that Chai Ka was sent to protect the student and that the Lotus Assassins already have the amulet. The player can then close the dam or destroy the controls, keeping it open forever.
The student then heads to the Great Southern Forest, which is owned by Lord Yun. The player then has the option of helping the Forest Shadow defeat a demon known as the Mother, or helping the Mother's cannibalistic demons destroy the Forest Shadow. In either event, the player can convince Lord Yun that the forest is recovering and get his wind map. Inquisitor Lim will ambush the player at this point; the player kills him and recovers a piece of the amulet.
Chapter 3: Imperial City
The party lands in the Imperial City and meets Silk Fox, who is revealed to be Princess Lian the Heavenly Lily, daughter of the Emperor. She is unconvinced that her father is behind the sickness and plagues of the land, and believes that Death's Hand, the black armor-clad head of the Lotus Assassins, is responsible. After joining either the Executioners or the Inquisitors, the student's party infiltrates the Lotus Assassins' training ground to recover the last part of the Spirit Monk amulet. Sagacious Zu reveals that he was one of the Lotus Assassins who killed Master Li's family. During their quest, the party helps Master Gang assassinate his superior, Master Shin, making the deed look like an accident, and puts a corrupted Spirit Shard into a Jade Golem, causing it to malfunction. The golems go out of control, damaging the underground complex. The party battles two Jade Golems and a handful of Lotus Assassins, killing Master Gang in the process. They also find Grand Inquisitor Jia, who reveals that the Emperor knew about what Death's Hand and the Lotus Assassins were doing and had, in fact, ordered them to do it. The player kills her, but Death's Hand arrives. Sagacious Zu sacrifices himself to save the student, burying Death's Hand in rubble.
Chapter 4: Imperial Palace
The party fights their way to the Emperor's throne room where Silk Fox learns of what her father has done. He is aware that the Water Dragon's death is stopping the dead from reaching the underworld but is mad with power. The Emperor knocks down everyone in the throne room with a blast of magic and summons guards to attack the student, who defeats them. The student battles the Emperor, who is able to alternate fighting styles and damage immunities. The student kills the Emperor, but Master Li gets up, takes the Jade Heart for himself, and kills the student.
Chapter 5: Spirit Monk Temple
The student wakes up in the underworld as a spirit. The Water Dragon reveals that Sun Li had planned this all along; he wished for the Water Dragon's power and needed to obtain the amulet and defeat Emperor Sun Hai. The student meets up with the spirit of Abbot Song, who reveals what truly happened at Dirge. He explains that Sun Li wore the armor of Death's Hand and killed the abbot when he tried to stop Sun Li and his brothers. The brothers arranged for Dirge's fountains to be tainted with human blood, weakening the Water Dragon, and Emperor Sun Hai killed Sun Kin (later Death's Hand) when he and Sun Li attempted to oppose him. Abbot Song then reveals that one of his order attempted to escape with the student, but Sun Li, who had escaped from Sun Hai, killed the student's guardian and assumed his identity. The player and Abbot Song make their way through Dirge and learn that an evil being has taken control after the fall of the temple. The student reaches the place where the Water Dragon was slain, and defeats aspects of the student's darker emotions. The student then returns to life, and the rest of the party, who learns about this through Dawn Star, flies to Dirge to reunite with their friend.
Chapter 6: Defending the Temple
While the student was dead, Sun Li realized that action would have to be taken in case the student managed to return to the realm of the living, and he retrieved Death's Hand from the rubble of the Lotus Assassin headquarters. He then sends the Imperial Army against Dirge. Sky pretends to betray the group, and lures Death's Hand out so that the student can defeat him in single combat. However, this is not enough to defeat him; Death's Hand rises again, but the student uses the force of his will to expel Sun Li's influence. The player may then release Death's Hand, use him as a slave, or convince him to seek redemption.
Chapter 7: Back to the Palace
The party flies back to the palace to confront Master Li, now the Emperor. As they make their way through the palace they discover that Emperor Sun Hai had stopped the drought by cutting open the Water Dragon's corpse and letting the water that flowed from it feed the Empire. The student chooses either to destroy the Water Dragon's body, thus freeing her spirit and allowing the dead to find the underworld, or to defile the water, weakening the Dragon, and then claim her power after defeating the new Emperor.
The student reaches Emperor Sun Li, who first sends Constructs of Bull and Elephant demons, the most powerful in the game, after the player. Sun Li then encases the student in stone and attempts to defeat the player with the force of his own doubt. However, if the student's companions survived, they will reduce the number of enemies that must be fought in each of the two stages. Sagacious Zu appears and helps free the student from his mind.
Emperor Sun Li offers to help his student live in legend forever, if the student dies without fighting. If the player makes this decision, the student is remembered as a hero for knowing his or her place as Sun Li looks on and laughs. If the player does not, Sun Li attacks, and the student defeats him.
Endings[edit]
If the student follows the Open Hand and chooses to free the Water Dragon's spirit, then the end sequence shows the people of the Jade Empire cheering the student and their party. If the student follows the Closed Fist and chooses to enslave the Water Dragon, the end sequence shows the Lotus Assassins kneeling at the feet of the student. After this end sequence, there are short text summaries detailing the fate of any characters who survived the adventure. These vary depending on whether the student chose to enslave or free the Water Dragon, and also on what romance options the student pursued.
Dawn Star: If the student chooses the path of the Open Hand, then she either settles down with the student, settles down on her own, or rules the empire with the student. If the student talked her into a Closed Fist philosophy or abandoned her, then she wanders the Jade Empire alone.
Silk Fox: If the student does not romance Silk Fox, she will become Empress of the Jade Empire. If the student is male and romances Silk Fox, he and Silk Fox will rule the empire fairly, or with an iron fist. If the student is female and romances Silk Fox, Silk Fox will either rule the empire fairly with her 'companion,' or will rule with an iron fist, and both the student and Silk Fox will don the Silk Fox costume to silence dissenters.
Sky: Sky will use the Guild for good purposes, or serve as the student's consort or as the new Death's Hand. If the student romances Sky, they leave the imperial city and live on the outskirts of Tien's Landing, unless the student is male, in which case they continue on their adventures through the Jade Empire, not content to settle down in one place.
Black Whirlwind: Black Whirlwind initially takes a contract hunting demons for the Celestial Bureaucracy, but the red tape annoys him and he ultimately leaves. After leaving the Empire for some time—he is likely responsible for a sudden influx of outlanders with missing limbs—he returns, vowing to never leave the Jade Empire again. He gets bored a week later and heads north.
Henpecked Hou: After a series of mishaps, Hou starts a delivery business which he immediately uses as a method of escaping his overbearing wife.
Chai Ka: Chai Ka will either return to the heavens, freeing Wild Flower and giving her the gift of life, or remain trapped in Wild Flower's body causing her to wander the empire as a raving lunatic.
Ya Zhen: Ya Zhen will either serve the student until the student passes away, at which point Ya Zhen moves to bigger plans, or else will serve the student forever and loyally.
Death's Hand: Death's Hand will either become more evil, mutating so badly that his armor cannot hold his demonic form, or he will spend the rest of his days wandering the empire as a crusader for good in order to make up for his past misdeeds.
Kang the Mad: Kang will continue to invent machines until an explosion appears to take his life, although strange machines will continue to appear on the student's doorstep every year on the anniversary of their victory. As Lord Lao, Kang's lack of danger affects his imagination in building machines, so as a radical solution Kang starts arming the mobs that chase after him. If the player chose the Closed Fist ending, Kang works for the emperor (the player), worrying his use will eventually be worn out and he will be disposed of. Eventually, he crafts a portal to another dimension and disappears in a huge explosion, taking an entire lake with him.
Yet another ending is available if the Student agrees to the terms of surrender presented by Sun Li in the final confrontation. The ending sequence features a statue of the student being praised years later by a class of children with a skin condition similar to that of the Lotus Assassins. One child asks what life was like before the protagonist's honored sacrifice and is quickly shushed by his teacher as a Jade Golem readies an axe to quell such questioning. The sequence ends with Sun Li laughing evilly; the decision to surrender has ultimately led to misery and corruption in the Jade Empire.


[757] GameTitle : The Descendant
Chen Yulin (Steve Yap) is forced to marry Shen Danfang (Yeo Yann Yann) to inherit her family's incense making business. Yulin has also promised his father-in-law to let their first child to follow Dan Fang's family name to ensure the continuity of the bloodline. On the day of their marriage, Yulin was surprised when he realized Yuhua (Debbie Goh), his longtime lover, is now his sister-in-law.


[763] GameTitle : Ether One
The player assumes the role of a "Restorer", an employee of a futuristic memory-retrieval company called the Ether Institute of Telepathic Medicine. The Restorer is tasked with investigating the thoughts of Jean Thompson, a 69-year-old woman diagnosed with dementia, and retrieving her lost memories. The Institute is able to generate 3D simulations of damaged memories, and the Restorer must reconstruct them using the remaining pieces of those memories. The project is led by Dr. Phyllis Edmunds, who guides the Restorer through the memories. She claims that the project is on the brink of losing its funding, and that Jean's case will either make or break the future of the Institute.
Once inside the patient's mind, the Restorer makes their way through the patient's childhood memories of Pinwheel, a seaside village in England which relies heavily on tin and iron mining. Throughout the journey, the Restorer learns about the village's residents, a terrible accident in the mines that cost the lives of dozens of its citizens, and Jean's growing relationship with a boy named Thomas, whom she later marries. While rebuilding the memories, the Restorer encounters a gem-like stone, representing the dementia they are attempting to rid the patient's mind of. They must destroy the stones using the "Artifact", a lamp capable of erasing the dementia from the mind.
The patient's mind becomes more and more unstable as the process continues, and it is revealed through a series of flashbacks and revelations that the Restorer is actually Thomas. It is also revealed that he is not inside Jean's mind, but is instead inside his own, trying to cure himself of his own dementia. Thomas had worked with Jean's father in the mines, and while Thomas managed to escape the deadly collapse, her father did not, leaving him riddled with guilt. Thomas' worsening condition and Jean's subsequent passing lead to Thomas creating his own fantasy world. Their son, Jim, had admitted him into a memory therapy clinic, where Dr. Edmunds had been working to bring his memories back and stop the dementia from progressing. With her help, and his memory of Jean encouraging him, he travels through the memories of his traumatic childhood in which his mother left his alcoholic father (who later dies in an accident at home), and is able to release himself from his fantasy world, curing his dementia and making the project a success. Afterward, Thomas is released to Jim's care, and thanks Dr. Edmunds for all her help.


[765] GameTitle : Prince of Persia: The Two Thrones
The game is set after the events of Prince of Persia: Warrior Within, in which the Prince kills the Dahaka, saves Kaileena and prevents the Sands of Time from being created. Unlike the previous games, the story is narrated by Kaileena. The Prince's actions alter the timeline of events that took place before that point. In the original timeline, the Vizier and Maharajah traveled to the Island of Time and found an hourglass filled with the Sands of Time. In the modified timeline, they find the hourglass empty. Since the Vizier never released the Sands of Time and fought the Prince, he is still alive at the beginning of this game. Farah, who helped the Prince during the events for Sands of Time, has never met the Prince.
As The Prince and Kaileena return to the city of Babylon, they find it being ravaged by war. Their ship is attacked and destroyed, and he and Kaileena wash ashore. The Prince awakens and watches as enemy soldiers take Kaileena away. The Prince fights his way into the palace and confronts the Vizier, who kills Kaileena with the Dagger of Time, unleashing the Sands again. The Vizier then impales himself with it and makes himself immortal. The Prince is also affected, having a whip-like weapon known as a Daggertail embedded in his skin when the Sands infect the wound. However, in the confusion following the release of the Sands, the Vizier throws the Dagger aside and the Prince manages to steal it before the Sands infected him completely.
The Prince falls into the sewers and gets carried to the outskirts of Babylon. As he travels through the city once again to kill the Vizier, he finds that the infection caused by the Sands of Time is affecting his mind, giving rise to an alter ego called the Dark Prince (voiced by Rick Miller), manifested by a voice within. The Dark Prince is cold, cruel, arrogant and sarcastic; he attempts to convince the Prince that he should strive to serve only himself, using his vengeance as a catalyst for his other emotions. On many occasions, the Dark Prince seizes control of the Prince's body and the Prince is fully transformed into a hybrid sand monster with abilities that allow the Prince to pass otherwise insurmountable obstacles.
Later, the Prince encounters Farah (voiced by Helen King), who is surprised that the Prince knows her name. Despite this, the pair begin to grow an entirely new romance together. The Prince eventually starts to ignore the Dark Prince, and begins to fight against the suffering of his people, which the Dark Prince had always spoken against.
In the palace gardens, the Vizier captures Farah and casts the Prince into an ancient well, where the long silent Dark Prince emerges once again and tries to take permanent control. The Prince desperately tries to resist the power, driving slowly deeper into the well looking for an escape, but he slowly weakens. At the bottom of the well, the Prince stumbles upon the dead body of his father Sharaman. He mourns for him, accepting the consequences of what he has done and wields his father's sword to resist the Dark Prince's power.
At the top of the Tower of Babel, the Prince confronts and kills The Vizier with the Dagger of Time. The Sands released from the Vizier slowly takes the shape of Kaileena, who cleanses the Prince's infection and disappears. As the Prince finds Sharaman's crown, the Dark Prince takes it and lures the Prince into his mind, where the two struggle until the Prince abandons his shadow. The game ends with Farah asking how the Prince knows her name and the Prince beginning to tell his story.


[767] GameTitle : Call of Cthulhu: Dark Corners of the Earth
On September 6, 1915, police detective Jack Walters (voiced by Milton Lawrence) is summoned to the siege of a decrepit manor house in Boston. The manor is inhabited by a bizarre cult called the Fellowship of the Yith, led by one Victor Holt who has asked specifically for Walters to come and talk to him. Taking cover from an ensuing firefight, Walters finds himself separated from the police and trapped inside the mansion, with no option but to investigate. When the rest of the police finally break in, they find the cultists dead by mass suicide and Walters apparently insane. He is committed to Arkham Asylum[3], where he stays for six years.
Walters is released and becomes a private investigator. On February 6, 1922, he takes up a missing person case at Innsmouth, a xenophobic coastal town, and the site of the recent disappearance of Brian Burnham, a clerk that had been sent there to establish a local store for the First National Grocery chain. Arriving in the isolated town, which appears to be depopulated and in a state of collapse, Jack unsuccessfully asks around for Brian.
He stays the night at a hotel, where he barely escapes an assassination attempt and then flees from a chase by an armed mob. From that point forward, Jack is forced to sneak through the alleys, buildings and sewers of Innsmouth, avoiding murderous patrols of the town's corrupt police and the cultists looking for him. He acquires weapons to defend himself and meets undercover agent Lucas Mackey, who tells him that the town is under federal investigation.
Jack eventually finds Burnham and his girlfriend Ruth, but their car crashes when they escape from Innsmouth, killing Brian and injuring Jack (it is left unknown whether Ruth was killed or not). Jack recovers from the incident and, following a brutal interrogation, he is taken in by the FBI squad led by J. Edgar Hoover. On February 8, Jack helps Hoover and the FBI raid the Marsh Gold Refinery, where he is attacked by an ancient creature known as a Shoggoth and uncovers a Cthulhu shrine before the building is demolished.
After the refinery raid, the U.S. military begins a combined land-and-sea assault on Innsmouth on February 9. The only part of the town that proves resistant to the attack is the headquarters of the Esoteric Order of Dagon, a cult devoted to two undersea demigods and Cthulhu that holds the whole town under its grip. The building proves unbreachable for the Coast Guard and the Marines, but Jack finds a way in through an old smuggling entrance that is guarded by a star-spawn of Cthulhu. Inside, Jack frees Agent Mackey, who has been kidnapped for a ritual sacrifice, and brings down the magical shield protecting the building.
After discovering a secret chamber, he falls through the floor of a tunnel which leads into the sea. Jack is rescued by the USS Urania, a Coast Guard vessel which is part of a group heading to Devil's Reef on February 10, following up on a lead provided by the FBI. On the way there, wizards on the reef summon powerful tidal waves to destroy the flotilla but Jack kills them. The humanoid fish-men known as Deep Ones launch a mass attack on the Urania and eventually Dagon emerges too. Jack manages to defeat the gigantic demigod, but Urania sinks.
Jack survives and finds himself on Devil's Reef, where he discovers old smuggling tunnels beneath the seabed, leading him to the underwater city of Y'ha-nthlei. The city is found to be located below Devil's Reef and is the home of the Deep Ones and members of the Order. U.S. Navy submarines attempt to torpedo Y'ha-nthlei, but are stopped by a magical barrier protecting the city. The Temple of Dagon is the source of the barrier, but the entrance is sealed off to prevent any interference. Jack finds another way in through ancient tunnels feared by the Deep Ones at the bottom of the city's foundations.
Apparently, this passage, which leads to the temple, is an ancient prison for flying polyps, the enemy of the Great Race of Yith. Jack manages to defeat them with the help of a Yithian energy weapon. Jack then enters the Temple of Dagon and kills Mother Hydra - whose song is generating the barrier - by deafening himself to her song, allowing him to take control of Deep Ones. With the barrier down, the submarines attack the city, while Jack escapes through a portal leading back to the Order's headquarters and collapses in front of Hoover and Mackey.
In the end, it is revealed that a Yithian swapped minds with Jack Walters' father during the moment of Jack's conception. In flesh, Jack Walters is human, but he inherited Yithian psychic powers, which was the reason for the cultists' interest in him, and explains why he has visions of coming danger and of the Yithian library-city of Pnakotus, as well as his ability to control Deep Ones in the Temple of Dagon. Returning to the introductory scene, confined in Arkham Asylum once more, Jack attempts to hangs himself on February 16, 1922, unable to handle the reality of himself and what he has witnessed. The game is supposed to be "based on the writings in Jack's journal, which were discovered in 1924."[4]


[769] GameTitle : Gothic 3
The third part opens with the Nameless Hero and his friends sailing to a new continent overrun with orcs, arriving in Myrtana, the central region of the continent. The hero lost all his belongings from the previous game when his ship is stolen while he's onshore with Milten, Diego, Gorn, and Lester. Presumably this is the source of the orc invasion that was launched on Khorinis during the second chapter. These lands have no physical connection to Khorinis or the ruins of the penal colony. In these mountainous forests the orcs have enslaved the human kingdom with only a few free humans living in the nearly uninhabitable icy northlands of Nordmar and the southern desert of Varant. The hero must decide whether to join the rebellion and stay true to the deposed human king, serve the Orcish usurpers in their quest to topple the last remaining human stronghold, or choose a path that serves his own ends. Throughout the story, he is accompanied by a number of NPCs, some of whom are old friends. While this chapter brings forward friends from the previous title (Xardas, Diego, Milten, Gorn, Lester, Lee, and Vatras) it also introduces two new major characters; King Rhobar the Second (who ultimately was responsible for sending the Nameless Hero to the penal colony in the first game) and Zuben. While the king has a strong past as a bold leader, he now faces a near defeat; his fame is on the decline. Zuben leads the Hashishin that inhabit the southern region of Varant.[3]


[770] GameTitle : Risen 2: Dark Waters
The story begins in the Fortress of Crystal at the port of Caldera, last fortress of the Inquisition (a military/religious group last seen in Risen) and of the Old Empire. The mountains surrounding Caldera are aflame, as ancient gods called Titans (also last seen in Risen) assail the land to the north. Two Titan Lords, Ursegor and Ismael, have fallen to fighting each other. This has relieved the pressure on Caldera, although parts of the city are on fire and have been abandoned. But one of the two Titan Lords must soon fall, and the winner will then try to find a way to crush Caldera. Only the power of the mysterious crystal cave, located under the Fortress, gives the small depleted garrison some hope that they might keep the victorious Titan Lord at bay. A more immediately pressing problem is a sea monster called the Kraken, which attack ships at sea and is under the command of the Titan goddess Mara. The Kraken attacks thus prevent Inquisition equipment, soldiers and supplies from reaching the last remaining haven of Caldera. The monster also prevents the Inquisition from fleeing from the Titans and the Old World, over the ocean to the New World. To add to the garrison's troubles, what little supplies Caldera has left are threatened by pirates who try to rob the storehouses.
One stormy night, Commandante Carlos (head of the Harbour Town garrison in the first Risen) spies a pirate ship on a course into Caldera harbor. Before it can reach safety, it is sunk by the Kraken. Carlos asks the hero to help any survivors. Among the survivors who are found washed up on the beach, there is a key character from Risen, the pirate Patty. Patty is always in search of her father, the famous pirate Gregorius Emanuel Steelbeard, and his treasure. Rumor says Steelbeard has found a way to sail the seas safely, using what may be a possible weapon that could kill the Kraken. Commandante Carlos decides that the Hero should infiltrate Steelbeard's pirates and try to learn any secrets they have. Patty and the Hero decide to team up, for the journey to the pirate's island of Tacarigua. The Hero is officially stripped of his position in the Inquisition to ensure he will be accepted by the pirates, and sent on his mission.
The hero and Patty find Steelbeard on the far side of the island, and discover that he has discovered the location of the Titan Harpoon, which could potentially kill even the Titan Lords themselves. The trio set sail and head to the Sword Coast to confront the Harpoon's current owner, Captain Crow. However, Crow is safely protected from attacks by his crew and several loyal natives, leading the hero to side with either the Inquisition or the native Moluccas for assistance. When confronted, Crow summons an Earth Titan to kill the hero, only for him to steal the Harpoon and impale Crow with it.
The Harpoon acquired, Steelbeard reveals that there are three other Titan artifacts that must be used in conjunction with the Harpoon in order to kill the Titan Lord Mara, the Kraken's master. Mara sends the Kraken to the Sword Coast and sinks Steelbeard's ship, as well as killing Steelbeard himself. The hero is then tasked with obtaining the three artifacts from their respective owners to kill Mara.
To leave the island, the hero and Patty need to acquire a ship, and the only one available is the Inquisition ship under guard by Commandante Sebastiano. However, Sebastiano is under orders to confiscate the Titan Harpoon and will not aid the hero. Together with Patty and an ally from the player's chosen faction, they hatch a plan to steal away with the ship and travel to seek the weapons.


[771] GameTitle : Riven: The Sequel to MYST
Riven's story continues where Myst and its companion novel, The Book of Atrus, left off. The player assumes the role of the Stranger, the protagonist of the first game and friend of Atrus (Rand Miller). Atrus knows the ancient art of creating "linking books", specially written books that serve as portals to other worlds known as "Ages".[12] Atrus needs the Stranger's help to free his wife, Catherine (Sheila Goold; voice by Rengin Altay), who is held hostage in her home Age of Riven, which is slowly collapsing. Her captor is Gehn (John Keston), Atrus' manipulative father and self-declared ruler of Riven. Thirty years earlier, Atrus and Catherine trapped Gehn on Riven by removing all of the linking books that led out of the Age; the very last book to be removed, linking to the Age of Myst, was the one they held to escape Riven. In the belief that it would be destroyed, they let the book fall into the Star Fissure, a rift leading out of the damaged Age of Riven into a mysterious, space-like void. Catherine was later tricked into returning to Riven by her sons, Sirrus and Achenar, whereupon she was taken hostage by Gehn. Eventually, the player discovered the unharmed Myst book, leading to the events in Myst.[12]
At the beginning of Riven, Atrus equips the player with a trap book—a snare that functions as a one-man prison, yet looks identical to a linking book—and his personal diary. This diary summarizes the history of events leading to the present situation; Atrus cannot explain in depth as he is engaged in rewriting the descriptive book of Riven, in an attempt to slow its deterioration. The player must enter the Age with no way of leaving, as Atrus cannot risk sending a real linking book to Riven until Gehn is safely imprisoned lest he use it to escape Riven.[10] Instructing the player to capture Gehn in the trap book, find Catherine, and then signal him, Atrus holds out the link book that will transport the player to Riven.
Once there, the player explores the islands of Riven, eventually discovering Catherine's prison. The player also travels to Tay, the Age of the Moiety (rebellious Rivenese under the leadership of Catherine who are attempting to end Gehn's tyrannical rule), and the "233rd Age", Gehn's personal sanctuary, where the player meets Gehn himself. Gehn attempts to convince the player that his intentions to rebuild D'ni were honorable and that he seeks atonement for his past transgressions. Because of the decay of Riven's structure, the only way to clearly signal Atrus is to bring about a massive disturbance in the Age's stability—accomplished by reopening the Star Fissure, which Gehn had closed. When it opens, Atrus immediately links to Riven to investigate and meets the player at the brink of the Fissure. Depending on the player's actions, the ending to Riven varies. In the best ending, the player tricks Gehn into the prison book and releases Catherine. Atrus and Catherine thank the Stranger before linking back to the Age of Myst. The Stranger then falls into the Star Fissure to be taken on the path back to his world. The worst ending involves neither capturing Gehn nor releasing Catherine, which allows Gehn to kill Atrus (and then the player) and escape from his imprisonment. Other endings include capturing Gehn without saving Catherine, being trapped in the prison book, or even death.


[775] GameTitle : Of Orcs And Men
Of Orcs and Men first puts the player into the role of an elite Orc soldier, Arkail, from the legendary legion of Bloodjaws. The legion is a league of warriors deeply involved in the war between the Orcs and the Goblins on one side and their persecutors, Humankind, on the other. As a veteran warrior who has seen the most brutal of battles, the player is appointed by the Orc commander to complete a mission that could change the course of the war, to kill the Emperor himself, the man responsible for the bloodshed. A Goblin, Styx, soon joins the player, an unlikely but indispensable ally.[3]
Arkail and Styx travel throughout the empire where many Orcs have been enslaved and or have turned traitor and joined the empire on its campaign of destroying all greenskins. Eventually, they both encounter Arkail's father who has been aiding the resistance and planning to rescue Arkence, a sorceress who is the only one capable of getting Arkail and Styx to the island of Laments, where the emperor has been occupied with political matters. Arkail and Styx round up a rag tag team of Orcs and assault the prison where Arkence has been holding out. They kill many guards along the way and rescue Arkence but at the cost of many Orcs lives and escape the prison to sail off to the island of Laments.
Arkail and Styx finally make it to the island and dispose of the soldiers who guard the island palace where Arkail locates and kills the emperor. Despite their success, it is revealed that the emperor was a figurehead and the mastermind is Barimen, a supporter of the resistance but in reality wanted Arkail to kill the emperor so he could ascend to the throne. Styx rescues Arkail and they both manage to escape the island but now the empire has new allies, the elves and dwarfs intend to support them on the campaign of exterminating the Orcs.
Arkail and Styx return to the wall and plan to destroy the palace with explosives and kill Barimen and now have the support of Arkail's father, Arkence, along with the Orcs and Mages who defected from the empire. The duo assault the palace personally, fighting through soldiers and Orcs before reaching the throne room. Arkail then kills Barimen and the Grand Inquisitor who has been chasing him and Styx throughout their journey. The palace crumbles as the bombs are set off and thouands of Orcs escape the wall and head to the Orc occupied regions to live freely. Even though the empire has gained new allies and are determined to retaliate, the Orcs have a better chance of winning the war and Arkail and Styx are now hopeful that the future will turn out better for them and all those who been oppressed by the empire.


[777] GameTitle : The Descendant
Chen Yulin (Steve Yap) is forced to marry Shen Danfang (Yeo Yann Yann) to inherit her family's incense making business. Yulin has also promised his father-in-law to let their first child to follow Dan Fang's family name to ensure the continuity of the bloodline. On the day of their marriage, Yulin was surprised when he realized Yuhua (Debbie Goh), his longtime lover, is now his sister-in-law.


[782] GameTitle : Prince of Persia: The Two Thrones
The game is set after the events of Prince of Persia: Warrior Within, in which the Prince kills the Dahaka, saves Kaileena and prevents the Sands of Time from being created. Unlike the previous games, the story is narrated by Kaileena. The Prince's actions alter the timeline of events that took place before that point. In the original timeline, the Vizier and Maharajah traveled to the Island of Time and found an hourglass filled with the Sands of Time. In the modified timeline, they find the hourglass empty. Since the Vizier never released the Sands of Time and fought the Prince, he is still alive at the beginning of this game. Farah, who helped the Prince during the events for Sands of Time, has never met the Prince.
As The Prince and Kaileena return to the city of Babylon, they find it being ravaged by war. Their ship is attacked and destroyed, and he and Kaileena wash ashore. The Prince awakens and watches as enemy soldiers take Kaileena away. The Prince fights his way into the palace and confronts the Vizier, who kills Kaileena with the Dagger of Time, unleashing the Sands again. The Vizier then impales himself with it and makes himself immortal. The Prince is also affected, having a whip-like weapon known as a Daggertail embedded in his skin when the Sands infect the wound. However, in the confusion following the release of the Sands, the Vizier throws the Dagger aside and the Prince manages to steal it before the Sands infected him completely.
The Prince falls into the sewers and gets carried to the outskirts of Babylon. As he travels through the city once again to kill the Vizier, he finds that the infection caused by the Sands of Time is affecting his mind, giving rise to an alter ego called the Dark Prince (voiced by Rick Miller), manifested by a voice within. The Dark Prince is cold, cruel, arrogant and sarcastic; he attempts to convince the Prince that he should strive to serve only himself, using his vengeance as a catalyst for his other emotions. On many occasions, the Dark Prince seizes control of the Prince's body and the Prince is fully transformed into a hybrid sand monster with abilities that allow the Prince to pass otherwise insurmountable obstacles.
Later, the Prince encounters Farah (voiced by Helen King), who is surprised that the Prince knows her name. Despite this, the pair begin to grow an entirely new romance together. The Prince eventually starts to ignore the Dark Prince, and begins to fight against the suffering of his people, which the Dark Prince had always spoken against.
In the palace gardens, the Vizier captures Farah and casts the Prince into an ancient well, where the long silent Dark Prince emerges once again and tries to take permanent control. The Prince desperately tries to resist the power, driving slowly deeper into the well looking for an escape, but he slowly weakens. At the bottom of the well, the Prince stumbles upon the dead body of his father Sharaman. He mourns for him, accepting the consequences of what he has done and wields his father's sword to resist the Dark Prince's power.
At the top of the Tower of Babel, the Prince confronts and kills The Vizier with the Dagger of Time. The Sands released from the Vizier slowly takes the shape of Kaileena, who cleanses the Prince's infection and disappears. As the Prince finds Sharaman's crown, the Dark Prince takes it and lures the Prince into his mind, where the two struggle until the Prince abandons his shadow. The game ends with Farah asking how the Prince knows her name and the Prince beginning to tell his story.


[784] GameTitle : Call of Cthulhu: Dark Corners of the Earth
On September 6, 1915, police detective Jack Walters (voiced by Milton Lawrence) is summoned to the siege of a decrepit manor house in Boston. The manor is inhabited by a bizarre cult called the Fellowship of the Yith, led by one Victor Holt who has asked specifically for Walters to come and talk to him. Taking cover from an ensuing firefight, Walters finds himself separated from the police and trapped inside the mansion, with no option but to investigate. When the rest of the police finally break in, they find the cultists dead by mass suicide and Walters apparently insane. He is committed to Arkham Asylum[3], where he stays for six years.
Walters is released and becomes a private investigator. On February 6, 1922, he takes up a missing person case at Innsmouth, a xenophobic coastal town, and the site of the recent disappearance of Brian Burnham, a clerk that had been sent there to establish a local store for the First National Grocery chain. Arriving in the isolated town, which appears to be depopulated and in a state of collapse, Jack unsuccessfully asks around for Brian.
He stays the night at a hotel, where he barely escapes an assassination attempt and then flees from a chase by an armed mob. From that point forward, Jack is forced to sneak through the alleys, buildings and sewers of Innsmouth, avoiding murderous patrols of the town's corrupt police and the cultists looking for him. He acquires weapons to defend himself and meets undercover agent Lucas Mackey, who tells him that the town is under federal investigation.
Jack eventually finds Burnham and his girlfriend Ruth, but their car crashes when they escape from Innsmouth, killing Brian and injuring Jack (it is left unknown whether Ruth was killed or not). Jack recovers from the incident and, following a brutal interrogation, he is taken in by the FBI squad led by J. Edgar Hoover. On February 8, Jack helps Hoover and the FBI raid the Marsh Gold Refinery, where he is attacked by an ancient creature known as a Shoggoth and uncovers a Cthulhu shrine before the building is demolished.
After the refinery raid, the U.S. military begins a combined land-and-sea assault on Innsmouth on February 9. The only part of the town that proves resistant to the attack is the headquarters of the Esoteric Order of Dagon, a cult devoted to two undersea demigods and Cthulhu that holds the whole town under its grip. The building proves unbreachable for the Coast Guard and the Marines, but Jack finds a way in through an old smuggling entrance that is guarded by a star-spawn of Cthulhu. Inside, Jack frees Agent Mackey, who has been kidnapped for a ritual sacrifice, and brings down the magical shield protecting the building.
After discovering a secret chamber, he falls through the floor of a tunnel which leads into the sea. Jack is rescued by the USS Urania, a Coast Guard vessel which is part of a group heading to Devil's Reef on February 10, following up on a lead provided by the FBI. On the way there, wizards on the reef summon powerful tidal waves to destroy the flotilla but Jack kills them. The humanoid fish-men known as Deep Ones launch a mass attack on the Urania and eventually Dagon emerges too. Jack manages to defeat the gigantic demigod, but Urania sinks.
Jack survives and finds himself on Devil's Reef, where he discovers old smuggling tunnels beneath the seabed, leading him to the underwater city of Y'ha-nthlei. The city is found to be located below Devil's Reef and is the home of the Deep Ones and members of the Order. U.S. Navy submarines attempt to torpedo Y'ha-nthlei, but are stopped by a magical barrier protecting the city. The Temple of Dagon is the source of the barrier, but the entrance is sealed off to prevent any interference. Jack finds another way in through ancient tunnels feared by the Deep Ones at the bottom of the city's foundations.
Apparently, this passage, which leads to the temple, is an ancient prison for flying polyps, the enemy of the Great Race of Yith. Jack manages to defeat them with the help of a Yithian energy weapon. Jack then enters the Temple of Dagon and kills Mother Hydra - whose song is generating the barrier - by deafening himself to her song, allowing him to take control of Deep Ones. With the barrier down, the submarines attack the city, while Jack escapes through a portal leading back to the Order's headquarters and collapses in front of Hoover and Mackey.
In the end, it is revealed that a Yithian swapped minds with Jack Walters' father during the moment of Jack's conception. In flesh, Jack Walters is human, but he inherited Yithian psychic powers, which was the reason for the cultists' interest in him, and explains why he has visions of coming danger and of the Yithian library-city of Pnakotus, as well as his ability to control Deep Ones in the Temple of Dagon. Returning to the introductory scene, confined in Arkham Asylum once more, Jack attempts to hangs himself on February 16, 1922, unable to handle the reality of himself and what he has witnessed. The game is supposed to be "based on the writings in Jack's journal, which were discovered in 1924."[4]


[786] GameTitle : Gothic 3
The third part opens with the Nameless Hero and his friends sailing to a new continent overrun with orcs, arriving in Myrtana, the central region of the continent. The hero lost all his belongings from the previous game when his ship is stolen while he's onshore with Milten, Diego, Gorn, and Lester. Presumably this is the source of the orc invasion that was launched on Khorinis during the second chapter. These lands have no physical connection to Khorinis or the ruins of the penal colony. In these mountainous forests the orcs have enslaved the human kingdom with only a few free humans living in the nearly uninhabitable icy northlands of Nordmar and the southern desert of Varant. The hero must decide whether to join the rebellion and stay true to the deposed human king, serve the Orcish usurpers in their quest to topple the last remaining human stronghold, or choose a path that serves his own ends. Throughout the story, he is accompanied by a number of NPCs, some of whom are old friends. While this chapter brings forward friends from the previous title (Xardas, Diego, Milten, Gorn, Lester, Lee, and Vatras) it also introduces two new major characters; King Rhobar the Second (who ultimately was responsible for sending the Nameless Hero to the penal colony in the first game) and Zuben. While the king has a strong past as a bold leader, he now faces a near defeat; his fame is on the decline. Zuben leads the Hashishin that inhabit the southern region of Varant.[3]


[787] GameTitle : Risen 2: Dark Waters
The story begins in the Fortress of Crystal at the port of Caldera, last fortress of the Inquisition (a military/religious group last seen in Risen) and of the Old Empire. The mountains surrounding Caldera are aflame, as ancient gods called Titans (also last seen in Risen) assail the land to the north. Two Titan Lords, Ursegor and Ismael, have fallen to fighting each other. This has relieved the pressure on Caldera, although parts of the city are on fire and have been abandoned. But one of the two Titan Lords must soon fall, and the winner will then try to find a way to crush Caldera. Only the power of the mysterious crystal cave, located under the Fortress, gives the small depleted garrison some hope that they might keep the victorious Titan Lord at bay. A more immediately pressing problem is a sea monster called the Kraken, which attack ships at sea and is under the command of the Titan goddess Mara. The Kraken attacks thus prevent Inquisition equipment, soldiers and supplies from reaching the last remaining haven of Caldera. The monster also prevents the Inquisition from fleeing from the Titans and the Old World, over the ocean to the New World. To add to the garrison's troubles, what little supplies Caldera has left are threatened by pirates who try to rob the storehouses.
One stormy night, Commandante Carlos (head of the Harbour Town garrison in the first Risen) spies a pirate ship on a course into Caldera harbor. Before it can reach safety, it is sunk by the Kraken. Carlos asks the hero to help any survivors. Among the survivors who are found washed up on the beach, there is a key character from Risen, the pirate Patty. Patty is always in search of her father, the famous pirate Gregorius Emanuel Steelbeard, and his treasure. Rumor says Steelbeard has found a way to sail the seas safely, using what may be a possible weapon that could kill the Kraken. Commandante Carlos decides that the Hero should infiltrate Steelbeard's pirates and try to learn any secrets they have. Patty and the Hero decide to team up, for the journey to the pirate's island of Tacarigua. The Hero is officially stripped of his position in the Inquisition to ensure he will be accepted by the pirates, and sent on his mission.
The hero and Patty find Steelbeard on the far side of the island, and discover that he has discovered the location of the Titan Harpoon, which could potentially kill even the Titan Lords themselves. The trio set sail and head to the Sword Coast to confront the Harpoon's current owner, Captain Crow. However, Crow is safely protected from attacks by his crew and several loyal natives, leading the hero to side with either the Inquisition or the native Moluccas for assistance. When confronted, Crow summons an Earth Titan to kill the hero, only for him to steal the Harpoon and impale Crow with it.
The Harpoon acquired, Steelbeard reveals that there are three other Titan artifacts that must be used in conjunction with the Harpoon in order to kill the Titan Lord Mara, the Kraken's master. Mara sends the Kraken to the Sword Coast and sinks Steelbeard's ship, as well as killing Steelbeard himself. The hero is then tasked with obtaining the three artifacts from their respective owners to kill Mara.
To leave the island, the hero and Patty need to acquire a ship, and the only one available is the Inquisition ship under guard by Commandante Sebastiano. However, Sebastiano is under orders to confiscate the Titan Harpoon and will not aid the hero. Together with Patty and an ally from the player's chosen faction, they hatch a plan to steal away with the ship and travel to seek the weapons.


[788] GameTitle : Riven: The Sequel to MYST
Riven's story continues where Myst and its companion novel, The Book of Atrus, left off. The player assumes the role of the Stranger, the protagonist of the first game and friend of Atrus (Rand Miller). Atrus knows the ancient art of creating "linking books", specially written books that serve as portals to other worlds known as "Ages".[12] Atrus needs the Stranger's help to free his wife, Catherine (Sheila Goold; voice by Rengin Altay), who is held hostage in her home Age of Riven, which is slowly collapsing. Her captor is Gehn (John Keston), Atrus' manipulative father and self-declared ruler of Riven. Thirty years earlier, Atrus and Catherine trapped Gehn on Riven by removing all of the linking books that led out of the Age; the very last book to be removed, linking to the Age of Myst, was the one they held to escape Riven. In the belief that it would be destroyed, they let the book fall into the Star Fissure, a rift leading out of the damaged Age of Riven into a mysterious, space-like void. Catherine was later tricked into returning to Riven by her sons, Sirrus and Achenar, whereupon she was taken hostage by Gehn. Eventually, the player discovered the unharmed Myst book, leading to the events in Myst.[12]
At the beginning of Riven, Atrus equips the player with a trap book—a snare that functions as a one-man prison, yet looks identical to a linking book—and his personal diary. This diary summarizes the history of events leading to the present situation; Atrus cannot explain in depth as he is engaged in rewriting the descriptive book of Riven, in an attempt to slow its deterioration. The player must enter the Age with no way of leaving, as Atrus cannot risk sending a real linking book to Riven until Gehn is safely imprisoned lest he use it to escape Riven.[10] Instructing the player to capture Gehn in the trap book, find Catherine, and then signal him, Atrus holds out the link book that will transport the player to Riven.
Once there, the player explores the islands of Riven, eventually discovering Catherine's prison. The player also travels to Tay, the Age of the Moiety (rebellious Rivenese under the leadership of Catherine who are attempting to end Gehn's tyrannical rule), and the "233rd Age", Gehn's personal sanctuary, where the player meets Gehn himself. Gehn attempts to convince the player that his intentions to rebuild D'ni were honorable and that he seeks atonement for his past transgressions. Because of the decay of Riven's structure, the only way to clearly signal Atrus is to bring about a massive disturbance in the Age's stability—accomplished by reopening the Star Fissure, which Gehn had closed. When it opens, Atrus immediately links to Riven to investigate and meets the player at the brink of the Fissure. Depending on the player's actions, the ending to Riven varies. In the best ending, the player tricks Gehn into the prison book and releases Catherine. Atrus and Catherine thank the Stranger before linking back to the Age of Myst. The Stranger then falls into the Star Fissure to be taken on the path back to his world. The worst ending involves neither capturing Gehn nor releasing Catherine, which allows Gehn to kill Atrus (and then the player) and escape from his imprisonment. Other endings include capturing Gehn without saving Catherine, being trapped in the prison book, or even death.


[792] GameTitle : Of Orcs And Men
Of Orcs and Men first puts the player into the role of an elite Orc soldier, Arkail, from the legendary legion of Bloodjaws. The legion is a league of warriors deeply involved in the war between the Orcs and the Goblins on one side and their persecutors, Humankind, on the other. As a veteran warrior who has seen the most brutal of battles, the player is appointed by the Orc commander to complete a mission that could change the course of the war, to kill the Emperor himself, the man responsible for the bloodshed. A Goblin, Styx, soon joins the player, an unlikely but indispensable ally.[3]
Arkail and Styx travel throughout the empire where many Orcs have been enslaved and or have turned traitor and joined the empire on its campaign of destroying all greenskins. Eventually, they both encounter Arkail's father who has been aiding the resistance and planning to rescue Arkence, a sorceress who is the only one capable of getting Arkail and Styx to the island of Laments, where the emperor has been occupied with political matters. Arkail and Styx round up a rag tag team of Orcs and assault the prison where Arkence has been holding out. They kill many guards along the way and rescue Arkence but at the cost of many Orcs lives and escape the prison to sail off to the island of Laments.
Arkail and Styx finally make it to the island and dispose of the soldiers who guard the island palace where Arkail locates and kills the emperor. Despite their success, it is revealed that the emperor was a figurehead and the mastermind is Barimen, a supporter of the resistance but in reality wanted Arkail to kill the emperor so he could ascend to the throne. Styx rescues Arkail and they both manage to escape the island but now the empire has new allies, the elves and dwarfs intend to support them on the campaign of exterminating the Orcs.
Arkail and Styx return to the wall and plan to destroy the palace with explosives and kill Barimen and now have the support of Arkail's father, Arkence, along with the Orcs and Mages who defected from the empire. The duo assault the palace personally, fighting through soldiers and Orcs before reaching the throne room. Arkail then kills Barimen and the Grand Inquisitor who has been chasing him and Styx throughout their journey. The palace crumbles as the bombs are set off and thouands of Orcs escape the wall and head to the Orc occupied regions to live freely. Even though the empire has gained new allies and are determined to retaliate, the Orcs have a better chance of winning the war and Arkail and Styx are now hopeful that the future will turn out better for them and all those who been oppressed by the empire.


[794] GameTitle : Legacy of Kain: Soul Reaver
Soul Reaver takes place within the fictional world of Nosgoth, where the health of the land is tied to the nine Pillars of Nosgoth, and each pillar in turn is represented by a guardian. Before the events of Soul Reaver, the guardians became corrupt, and, after Kain killed eight of them, he discovered he was the final one.[6] Refusing to sacrifice himself to restore the Pillars, he doomed Nosgoth to eternal decay and proceeded to raise his vampire lieutenants, including Raziel, to besiege the land. By the time of Soul Reaver's introduction, the vampires are now the land's dominant species and apex predators, the humans have been decimated, and the vampire tribes have each claimed a region of Nosgoth and turned their attention to internal matters. Unknown to the vampires, beneath Nosgoth lurks The Elder God, an ancient and powerful entity. The Elder God controls the Wheel of Fate, a cycle of reincarnation of souls that circle the Wheel in a loop of predestination; however, because vampires are immortal, their souls do not spin with the Wheel, causing the land to decay as the Wheel stalls.[7] By the time that Raziel is revived centuries after the game's opening cinematic, Nosgoth is on the brink of collapse, little more than a wasteland wracked with cataclysms and earthquakes.[6]
Characters[edit]
See also: List of Legacy of Kain characters
The protagonist of Soul Reaver is the vampire-turned-wraith Raziel, whom Kain casts to death at the beginning of the game. Although Kain is the protagonist of the previous game, Blood Omen: Legacy of Kain, he is the primary antagonist and final boss of Soul Reaver. The Elder God resurrects and assists Raziel, explains the game's controls, and describes previous events in the story.[4] Ariel, who preceded Kain as the guardian of the Pillar of Balance, appears as a spirit and offers Raziel advice on occasion. During his quest, Raziel meets his brothers—Melchiah, Zephon, Rahab and Dumah—who serve as the game's bosses. Each has developed different powers that Raziel partially gains by killing them and devouring their souls. A fifth brother, Turel, was omitted due to time constraints on development.[8]
Story[edit]
As the game begins, Raziel approaches Kain's throne and extends newly grown wings. In an act of seeming jealousy, Kain tears the bones from Raziel's wings and has him thrown into the Lake of the Dead, a large natural whirlpool;[9] however, Raziel is resurrected as a wraith by The Elder God to become his "soul reaver" and kill Kain, thus restoring Nosgoth.[7] With The Elder God's guidance, Raziel adapts to his new form and returns to Nosgoth. Infiltrating a Necropolis inhabited by the Melchahim vampires, Raziel finds his brother Melchiah, who has devolved into a beast unable to sustain his own flesh.[10] After Raziel kills Melchiah and absorbs his soul, he confronts Kain among the ruined Pillars of Nosgoth in the Sanctuary of the Clans. Kain does not appear surprised to see Raziel, apparently having even been expecting him, and implies that he has destroyed Raziel's vampire clan, which only enrages Raziel even further. When Raziel begins to criticize him, Kain simply launches a tirade against him before noting what has become of the empire and engaging him in combat.[11] Kain quickly overpowers Raziel and attempts to strike him down with the Soul Reaver, a powerful sword that absorbs its victims' souls;[12] however, the Reaver shatters when it strikes Raziel, and Kain escapes, strangely satisfied.[13] Raziel enters the spectral realm to find the blade's soul-devouring spectral form, which binds itself to him.[14] After this, Raziel meets Ariel, who restores his strength, and learns of Zephon's location from The Elder God.
Raziel ventures into a large cathedral once inhabited by the humans and finds the Zephonim clan. After ascending into the cathedral's spires, he finds that Zephon is now a large insect like creature whose body has merged into the cathedral spire in which he dwells.[15] Raziel kills Zephon and uses the gained power to infiltrate an ancient crypt. There, Raziel discovers coffins for members of the Sarafan, a fanatical order of vampire hunters killed centuries before Kain's rule. To Raziel's horror, he finds the crypt was designated for him and his brothers; as cruel irony, Kain revived the Sarafan to serve him as his vampire sons.[16] Raziel ventures through a secret passage under the crypt and finds a flooded abbey inhabited by the Rahabim clan, whose members have mutated into amphibians; its leader, Rahab, has become a merman. Raziel tells Rahab what he has learned about their human pasts, but Rahab is unmoved, claiming that Kain "saved" them, and attacks.[17] Raziel defeats Rahab and absorbs his soul, then crosses the Lake of the Dead to the abandoned fortress of his brother Dumah. The Elder God explains that the Dumahim vampires were scattered following an invasion of human hunters. Raziel eventually finds Dumah shackled to his throne with his heart pierced.[18] Raziel revives Dumah and leads him into a giant furnace, burning him alive and absorbing his soul.
Afterward, Raziel discovers the Oracle's Cave, where Moebius the Time Streamer once hid the Chronoplast, a magical time machine. Raziel traverses the caves and finds Kain in the Chronoplast's control room. Raziel is angered over what he has learned, and Kain says his actions are justified due to his being subject to destiny,[19] before proceeding to inform Raziel that the Sarafan were far from the noble crusaders that Raziel believes them to be when the latter demands to know why he created him, which Raziel refuses to listen to.[20] Raziel attacks Kain while the latter continues to adjust the Chronoplast's controls. Although Raziel eventually gains an advantage, the Chronoplast activates, and Kain escapes through a time portal, beckoning Raziel to follow. Raziel complies, ignoring warnings from The Elder God. As the game ends, Raziel emerges from the timeslip and is greeted by Moebius, leading into the events of Soul Reaver 2.[21]


[795] GameTitle : Legacy of Kain: Soul Reaver 2
Soul Reaver 2 is set in Nosgoth, a fictional land with fantasy aspects. In the first game in the series, Blood Omen: Legacy of Kain, the vampire Kain embarks on a journey to restore the Pillars of Nosgoth—nine supernatural edifices which are inextricably tied to the health of the land, but become corrupted.[6][7] During his adventure, Moebius, a manipulative sorcerer, tricks Kain into orchestrating the destruction of the vampire race: Kain is left the last surviving vampire in Nosgoth.[8] After restoring eight of the Pillars, Kain discovers that he would need to sacrifice his own life to restore the final corrupt one. Realizing that his death would ensure the annihilation of his species, he refuses to kill himself. This triggers the Pillars' collapse, and dooms the world to eternal decay, but enables Kain to live on and revive the vampire race.[9]
By the time of Soul Reaver, 1500 years later, Kain is a despotic emperor, his vampires dominate the land, and Nosgoth hinges on the brink of collapse.[10] The Elder God, a demiurge-like entity, lurks beneath Nosgoth and controls the cycle of reincarnation; the vampires, whose biological immortality opposes his doctrine, are his enemies.[11] In Soul Reaver, Raziel—Kain's lieutenant—is executed by Kain, but The Elder God resurrects him and encourages him to exact revenge.[12] Traversing the wasteland and murdering the vampires, Raziel confronts Kain, who attacks him with the Soul Reaver sword, imbued with a spirit which absorbs its victims' souls. The Soul Reaver shatters when it strikes Raziel, and the blade's spirit binds itself to his arm.[13] His motives still mysterious, Kain lures Raziel through a time portal into Nosgoth's past.
In Soul Reaver 2, it is established that, in Nosgoth, fatalism is an actuality—history is immutable, and all individuals are subject to predestination.[14] Raziel, due to his paradoxical destiny, is the only exception to this rule—his presence enables temporal paradoxes to be triggered, altering history for better or worse.[15] Kain relies on Raziel's free will in a bid to outsmart Moebius and resolve the dilemma he faced in Blood Omen, ultimately hoping to enable both the restored Pillars and the vampire race to co-exist in the future.[16] Soul Reaver 2 opens as Raziel emerges from the time slip and is greeted by Moebius, having arrived in an era 30 years prior to the events of Blood Omen.[17] Two further time periods, 100 years after and 500 years before Blood Omen respectively, are also explored as the story progresses.[18][19]
Characters[edit]
See also: List of Legacy of Kain characters
Raziel returns as the protagonist of Soul Reaver 2. In Soul Reaver, Raziel discovered that he was once a human and a leading member of the vampire-hunting Sarafan brotherhood, and his epiphanies drive the conflict in the story.[20] Kain, the antagonist of Soul Reaver, appears as a non-player character in cutscenes, urging Raziel to unearth his destiny. Moebius the Time Streamer, a sorcerer who was a villain in Blood Omen, attempts to manipulate Raziel into destroying Kain—it is revealed that he is an agent of The Elder God, Raziel's ally and guide in Soul Reaver, who is slowly established as a more sinister entity.[19][20] Ariel, a specter bound to the Pillars who featured in Blood Omen and Soul Reaver, returns, and the vampire Vorador, also from Blood Omen, assists Raziel early in the game. The ancient vampire Janos Audron, a new character who was previously only mentioned in Blood Omen, acts as Raziel's mentor towards the end of the story.[21]
Story[edit]
The game begins by summarizing Soul Reaver's ending: Raziel confronts Kain in Nosgoth's wasteland, and pursues him through a portal leading to the past. Moebius, the leader of a vampire-hunting crusade in this age, coerces Raziel to re-embrace his former heritage as a Sarafan vampire hunter by killing Kain.[22] Though Raziel is initially eager to do so,[23] his enthusiasm wanes over time as he witnesses the ruthlessness of Moebius's soldiers.[24] Kain, who is destined to die at Raziel's hands in this era, implores Raziel to thwart fate and instead facilitate his quest to restore the Pillars.[25] After he learns that Moebius serves The Elder God, and that he has thus been duped,[26] Raziel faces a decision: indulge his lust for vengeance but submit to fate by killing Kain, or defy his cohorts and exercise his free will by exerting mercy.[25]
While exploring this period, Raziel discovers evidence that two ancient races waged war in Nosgoth's distant past. One race created the Pillars to banish their adversaries, but the enemy race—the Hylden—retaliated with a curse which transformed the Pillars' architects into the first vampires.[27] Kain explains that, had he sacrificed himself, the vampire race—the rightful inheritors of the Pillars—would have become extinct.[28] Raziel chooses to spare Kain, causing a paradox; history reshuffles itself to accommodate the extension of Kain's life.[29] He, however, refuses to indulge Kain's plans any further, instead opting to explore his own past. Vorador tells Raziel that the last of the ancient vampires, Janos Audron, held the key to Raziel's destiny, but Janos was murdered by the Sarafan five centuries ago.[30]
Deciding to speak with Janos, Raziel orders Moebius to send him further back in time.[31] Moebius deceives Raziel, instead conveying him over a century into the future,[32] where he and The Elder God highlight the consequences of the Pillars' destruction to turn Raziel against Kain.[33] Raziel navigates the future era and finds his own way back to the age of the Sarafan and Janos Audron. There, Janos presents Raziel with the Reaver, a younger version of the physical Soul Reaver blade which will later house a soul-devouring spirit.[34] Suddenly, a group of Sarafan led by Raziel's former, human self launch an ambush, and Janos sacrifices himself. Raziel swears vengeance as Janos dies, and pursues the attackers.[35] He uses the Reaver to kill them and his younger self, renouncing his Sarafan past.[36]
The wraith-blade attached to Raziel's arm, over-aroused after the deaths of the Sarafan, suddenly seizes control of the physical Reaver, and impales Raziel; Raziel, horrified, then realizes his destiny. He himself has always been the ravenous spirit inside the Reaver, and therefore is fated to be stuck in a time loop; the sword shattered against him in Soul Reaver because it was unable to consume itself.[37] While his soul is being drawn into the sword, Kain emerges and tears the Reaver from Raziel's body, saving him in reciprocation and forcing history to reshuffle again.[38] However, this paradox strains Nosgoth's history too far, enabling the Hylden to return and jeopardize his ambition to restore the Pillars.[39] Amidst Kain's dismay, Raziel realizes that the wraith-blade is still bound to him, and laments that his destiny has not been changed, but merely postponed.[40]


[796] GameTitle : Gone Home
On June 7, 1995, 21-year-old Katie Greenbriar returns home from overseas to her family in Oregon: her father, Terry, a failed writer who makes a living reviewing home electronics; her mother, Janice, a wildlife conservationist who recently got promoted to director; and her 18-year-old sister Samantha. Upon arriving, she finds the house deserted, with a note on the door from Sam imploring Kaitlin not to investigate what happened.
Searching the house, Katie begins to piece together what happened during her absence: After moving in, Samantha found it difficult to adjust to her new high school, but eventually made friends with another girl, Yolanda "Lonnie" DeSoto, a JROTC-cadet. The two bonded over Street Fighter, punk rock, grunge and the burgeoning riot grrrl movement, and after sneaking off to a concert, the two became romantically involved. After various incidents at school, Sam's parents found out about her relationship, forbade Sam to close her bedroom doors while Lonnie was over, and are in denial that their daughter is a lesbian. As Lonnie was set to eventually ship out to begin her service, Sam was left distraught.
Two days after her farewell show, which coincides with the day of Kaitlin's homecoming, and the week when Sam's parents are going on vacation (which is revealed to actually be a counseling trip instead of being a camping trip, like they told others) Lonnie departs to her station, but eventually calls Sam from a payphone to tell her that she got off the bus in Salem and she wants them to be together. Sam's final journal entry to Katie explains that she packed up her things and took her car to find Lonnie, hoping to start a new life with her outside of Oregon.


Play media


The launch trailer sets the scene for the game


Optionally, Katie can find various other clues that provide information on additional events that happened during the time: it is implied that Janice was beginning to have romantic feelings towards a subordinate, and that Terry was abused by Oscar Masan, his uncle and former owner of the house.


[797] GameTitle : Mars: War Logs
The game is set on Mars, a century after a great upheaval. Powerful guilds battle over water, which has become a valuable resource. Two of the most powerful of these are Aurora and Abundance. The player takes on the role of Roy Temperance, an escaped prisoner of war who finds himself caught between a variety of powerful factions, and must also battle a variety of creatures created by the planet's radioactive environment.[6]



[801] GameTitle : 1979 Revolution: Black Friday
The game opens in 1980, as 18-year-old[6] aspiring photojournalist Reza Shirazi (Bobby Naderi) is ambushed at his hideout by police,[1] and taken to Evin Prison, where he is interrogated by Asadollah Lajevardi (Navid Negahban). Reza, who was part of the Iranian Revolution in an attempt to overthrow the Shah, chooses whether or not to cooperate with Asadollah, who goes by the name of Hajj Agha.
The game cuts to September 1978,[7] as Reza and his pacifist friend Babak Azadi (Omid Abtahi) watch crowds chanting about the revolution from a rooftop, and Reza takes photographs. The two then walk the streets, and arrive at a protest where revolution leaders are giving speeches. Reza's cousin Ali Shirazi (Nicholas Guilak) arrives and, when the protest is interrupted by soldiers and the crowd begins to disperse, he tries to convince Reza to throw rocks at the soldiers. Babak opposes, and Reza is left to decide whether to act aggressively and throw rocks, or act passively and voice his concerns instead. When the soldiers start threatening the crowds by firing, Reza and Babak flee into an alley, shortly followed by Ali and an injured Abbas (Ray Haratian), one of the revolution leaders who was stabbed in the commotion. After briefly being tended to, Abbas is escorted away by Ali and Bibi Golestan (Mozhan Marnò).
In a flashforward at the prison, Hajj brings out Reza's brother Hossein Shirazi (Farshad Farahat), and harms him if Reza does not cooperate in providing information about Bibi. The game returns to Reza and Babak, who arrive at the rebellion hideout. Reza meets with Abbas, who is convinced that one of the revolution leaders betrayed and stabbed him, and tasks Reza with discovering the culprit. As he is investigating, Reza is approached by some of the leaders and accused of stabbing Abbas. A brief argument ensues, but is shortly ended as police begin to ambush the hideout. Abbas hurriedly demands an answer from Reza regarding the betrayer, and Reza is forced to decide which of the revolution leaders stabbed Abbas. In a flashforward, Hajj reveals to Reza that he chose the wrong person, but they were killed shortly thereafter.
At the hideout, Reza is arrested by the police, but Hossein arrives and demands to know where Ali is located. Reza refuses to tell him, and Hossein drives him to their parents' household. The following day at a protest, Reza and Babak discover that martial law has been enacted. They move to the streets and join the large crowds. Soldiers arrive and demand the crowds to disperse; when the crowds hold their ground, the soldiers begin firing at them. Reza rushes to Ali, who has been shot, and bandages his wound. Babak and Bibi help move Ali away from the commotion and into an alley, where they find Hossein. Hossein aims his gun at Ali, threatening to shoot him for his crimes, and Ali produces his gun and threatens Hossein. Reza tries to convince the two to stop, but is interrupted by firing soldiers. Reza then chooses who to save from the gunfire: Hossein or Ali. Should Reza save Hossein, the latter is thankful and directs him to the nearest hospital; Ali dies regardless of Reza's choice.[8] Bibi and Reza escort Babak, who was wounded in the gunfire, towards the nearest hospital, but he shortly dies of his wounds.
In a flashforward to the prison, the ending is determined based on Reza's actions to Hossein throughout the game: if Reza was unpleasant to Hossein, Hajj frees the latter, who begins to choke Reza and demands Bibi's location; if Reza was favorable to Hossein, Hajj shoots and kills the latter, before pointing the gun to Reza's head and demanding Bibi's location.[9]


[803] GameTitle : Everybody's Gone to the Rapture
The game is set in 1984, in a fictional deserted village named Yaughton in Shropshire, England. The player's only objective is to explore and try to discover how and why everyone has disappeared. Mysterious floating orbs of light swim around the air and lead the player to scenes made up of other human-shaped lights, which re-enact various previously occurring events throughout the game. Following the orbs' evidence from scene-to-scene across the valley, as well as finding telephones and radios that replay conversations, recordings, and broadcasts from throughout the story, eventually provide all of the puzzle pieces to the game's main event (the 'rapture'.)
There are five areas in the game, each of which revolve around a different character, with the main protagonists being Dr Katherine Collins (Kate) and her husband, Stephen Appleton – both scientists at the observatory. During their work, Kate and Stephen encounter a ‘strange pattern’ of lights in the night sky which they quickly come to believe is an unknown form of life. They observe the pattern ‘infecting’ and sometimes killing other lifeforms such as birds and cows, before spreading to humans. Kate concludes that the pattern is attempting to communicate with humans, ignorant to the harm that it is causing them. She locks herself in the observatory and spends the vast majority of the story attempting to communicate with it. During this time, Stephen becomes convinced that the pattern is a deadly threat capable of destroying the human race.
Most of the valley's inhabitants begin to succumb to symptoms of unexplained haemorrhaging; pressure in the brain that is normally consistent with a brain tumour, as the local doctor notes in a left-behind recording. Other people simply disappear, leaving behind nothing more than a room full of odd specks of light and the lingering scent of unidentifiable ash. Convinced that this is connected to the pattern and that it will spread beyond the village if not contained, Stephen urges the local government to quarantine the area, blocking the roads and cutting the telephone lines. The locals are told that it is due to an outbreak of Spanish Influenza, though many are extremely sceptical of this and become even more so when the corpses of their dead begin to disappear into thin air.
As the town's population rapidly dwindles, Stephen realizes that the quarantine has failed and that the 'pattern', or simply 'it' as it is often referred to, has learned to adapt. He believes that it has learned to travel not just through direct human contact, but through the telephone lines, radio waves, and television sets. In light of this, he then desperately insists to the local government that they must gas the entire valley.
In the second to last chapter of the game, the player is led to a bunker where Stephen Appleton waited out the nerve gas bombings with the intention of killing himself once he ensured that every other infected person in the valley was dead. When he is unable to reach anyone at all outside the valley via telephone, he realizes that he has failed and that the pattern has spread, presumably to the entire planet as a whole. The pattern comes for him and he confronts it. He tells it that he has decided to set fire to himself, having doused himself in gasoline, to prevent being taken by it. However, before he can do so he sees the image of Kate in the pattern of light and stands in awe, reaching out to her. The scene then fades out as Stephen's lighter slips out of his hand and hits the ground, igniting the gasoline.
In the final part of the game the player is transported to the inside of the observatory's locked entrance gate. The player makes their way up the hill to the top-most observatory and upon entering sees the human light shape of Kate inside in the darkness making the last of the recordings heard throughout the game. She states that she is the last one left, and it is revealed that she did indeed finally achieve communication with 'the pattern'. Kate explains that when she told the pattern that what it did to everyone in the valley - the people, the birds, the bugs, the cows - was wrong, it countered that it was not wrong, because now everyone that wanted to be together was together, and that everyone had found their counterpart and was no longer alone. Kate explains how she finally understands and says that she has accepted her fate, and that she and 'the pattern' will soon join the others. She states that humanity can finally 'slip away, unafraid.' Kate turns and appears to reach out to the pattern coming down from above as it reaches out to meet her, her last words being her belief that the Pattern was her own counterpart.


[807] GameTitle : The Town of Light
The game is set in a hospital in Tuscany, Italy called Ospedale Psichiatrico di Volterra. You are a girl named Renée who was a patient at the hospital in the 1940s.[4][5]


[817] GameTitle : Batman - The Telltale Series
In Gotham City, a group of professional mercenaries attempt to break into Mayor Hamilton Hill's vault at Gotham City Hall but they are intercepted by Bruce Wayne, the vigilante known as Batman (Troy Baker). Batman also encounters the elusive cat burglar Catwoman (Laura Bailey), who manages to break into the vault and steal an encrypted data drive. The two of them engage each other in hand-to-hand combat, during which Batman retrieves the drive, but allows Catwoman to escape. Meanwhile, Wayne reunites with his old childhood friend Oswald Cobblepot (Jason Spisak) in Cobblepot Park who informs Wayne that there is a revolution afoot in Gotham City and to be on the right side once it commences.
Mysterious accusations come to light that Thomas Wayne (Troy Baker) and Martha Wayne (Lorri Holt) may have had affiliations with the Falcone crime organization. Wayne confronts his friend and mayoral candidate, Harvey Dent (Travis Willingham), about the matter, but he denies any knowledge. Wayne also meets Dent's girlfriend Selina Kyle who Wayne realizes is Catwoman. Wayne manages to convince Kyle to give him the address of the employer she was supposed to deliver the drive to: a warehouse at the Gotham City docks.
Wayne heads to the address as Batman only to discover that an explosion had killed numerous mercenaries and police officers prior to his arrival. Batman finds a surviving mercenary on the other side of the warehouse and interrogates him about the incident. The mercenary reveals that Carmine Falcone (Richard McGonagle) had ordered his group to steal barrels of unknown chemicals and the data drive contained the container number, but had to search themselves when Catwoman failed to deliver it. Someone had tipped off the GCPD, resulting in a shootout and an unknown group escaping with the chemicals.
Returning to the Batcave, Wayne finishes decrypting the drive and discovers evidence of Falcone's criminal organization, as well as connections between Hill and Falcone. With an opportunity to finally bring down Falcone, Wayne can either take the evidence to reporter Vicki Vale (Erin Yvette) or Lt. James Gordon (Murphy Guyer). Batman confronts Falcone in his office and interrogates him about the chemicals. Falcone admits to having ownership of the chemicals, but denies playing a part in the shootout. Falcone also reveals that everything said about the Wayne family being affiliated with his organization is true and this is confirmed when Batman notices a fallen photograph of Falcone and his parents. An angered Batman leaves Falcone for the police and returns to the Batcave to confront his butler Alfred Pennyworth (Enn Reitel) about the matter.
Alfred reveals to Wayne that his parents collaborated with Falcone and Hill to control Gotham and had done it to secure his future. Wayne re-investigates the death of his parents at the hands of Joe Chill (Jarion Monroe) and discovers that it was not a mugging, but an assassination. Wayne confronts Falcone, now in police custody, where he claims that he had nothing to do with the Waynes' deaths before he is shot and killed by a drugged Renee Montoya (Krizia Bajos). Based on Montoya's testimony upon recovering from the drugs, Batman deduces that Cobblepot (now calling himself the "Penguin") had synthesized the stolen chemicals and was behind the assassination. After discovering that Cobblepot plans to kill Catwoman, Wayne arranges a meeting with Kyle where they fight off armed thugs sent by Cobblepot. Wayne and Alfred decrypt the phone of one of the thugs and uncover a voicemail between Hill and Cobblepot. Wayne confronts Hill (Robert Pescovitz) as either himself or as Batman where he reveals that he hired Cobblepot to leak information about the Waynes in order to discredit Dent's campaign.
Cobblepot in his Penguin alias, with the help of an armed group, betrays Hill by taking everyone hostage at a public debate between Hill and Dent. Penguin proclaims he is part of a group called the Children of Arkham led by a masked figure named Lady Arkham (Steven Blum) and are dedicated to exposing and eradicating the corruption in Gotham City. As Batman makes a reluctant alliance with Catwoman to fight the Children of Arkham, Hill admits that he was the one who ordered the assassination of the Waynes before he is gunned down by Cobblepot. Penguin and the Children of Arkham escape and release a full list of all the innocent people Thomas Wayne had forcibly committed to Arkham Asylum, further tarnishing the Wayne name.
With Hill dead, Dent wins the election in a stalemate. During his term, he begins to show alarming signs of a split personality. Batman learns that Lady Arkham is located at the Sky Train Depot and discovers that the Children of Arkham are planning to use the depot's trains to transport bombs containing the drug and carry out a terrorist attack. Batman destroys the bombs and battles Lady Arkham, but is wounded during the fight and rescued by Catwoman. The next day at a press conference, Wayne is forced by his board of directors to officially resign as the CEO of Wayne Enterprises and allow himself to be replaced by Cobblepot. After taking his place in the crowd, Bruce is met by Vale, who injects him with the chemical and reveals herself as Lady Arkham. She goads Wayne in his drug induced state into violently attacking Cobblepot.
Bruce Wayne is committed to Arkham Asylum by Mayor Dent as a result of his attack on Oswald Cobblepot. With the help of a patient, known only as John Doe (Anthony Ingruber), Wayne manages to get himself bailed out of Arkham and decides to investigate the Vale household as Batman. At the Vale residence, Batman discovers that Vale murdered her adoptive parents in order to use her father's company to store the drugs. Batman later discovers that the Cobblepot has used his new position as CEO to compromise Batman's technology. Meanwhile Dent, having fully succumbed to his split personality, publicly announces that he is seizing the Wayne Estate to finance his security system and bombs a city block containing a Children of Arkham base, killing several innocent people in the process. Batman is then given the choice to either stop Cobblepot or Dent. Regardless of the player's choice, both are eventually subdued.
Wayne's actions start improving his public image and his position as CEO of Wayne Enterprises is reinstated. Kyle leaves Gotham City after stealing an electronic skeleton key that will allow her to bypass any Wayne Tech. Wayne returns to Wayne Manor to find Alfred missing and receives a video message from Lady Arkham, who has taken Alfred hostage. During the video message, Alfred manages to subtly inform Wayne of his location: the basement of the Vale residence. Batman investigates and finds the Children of Arkham have fled with Alfred. During his investigation, he discovers that the Vales had tortured and abused Vicki as a child which strengthened her desire for revenge. After examining more clues left by Alfred, Batman discovers that Lady Arkham is planning to release the inmates at Arkham Asylum.
Batman arrives at Arkham Asylum just as Vicki releases all of the inmates thus insighting a massive riot. While the GCPD attempt to handle the situation, Batman pursues Vicki to the catacombs of the asylum. Batman eventually finds Vicki who threatens to kill Alfred unless Batman unmasks himself. Regardless if the player complies, Batman and Vicki fight one another which eventually results in the catacombs collapsing. Batman and Alfred escape while Vicki is seemingly killed in the destruction.
In the aftermath, Gordon becomes the acting police commissioner, the former having been killed by either Dent or Cobblepot earlier in the game, and plans to give a public speech regarding the incident later in the day. Alfred reminds Wayne that both he and Batman will play a large part in reshaping Gotham City's future, and to choose wisely who should show up at Gordon's speech. Regardless, an assassin launches an attack at the speech, but is quickly subdued. Doe, having earlier escaped Arkham during Vicki's riot, is seen sitting alone at a bar watching the event live on television and claiming that he has big plans in the future.


[824] GameTitle : Homeworld: Deserts of Kharak
The game is set on the desert planet of Kharak, the home-in-exile of the Kushan (Hiigaran) people, 106 years prior to the events of Homeworld. Kharak is a dying world, the desert growing larger with each passing year, and the Kushan clans regularly wage war amongst one another. Then a satellite detects an object in the Great Banded Desert, known as the Jaraci Object, or the "primary anomaly". An expedition had been sent by the Coalition of the Northern Kiithid, a group of Kushan clans from the northern polar region of Kharak, but had disappeared in the desert four years earlier; the in-game campaign centers around a second expedition, and its chief science officer, Rachel S'jet.[2][13]
Rachel's expedition, centered around the Kiith S'jet land carrier Kapisi, departs from Epsilon Base in the Kharakian desert. Shortly after the expedition departs, however, Kiith Gaalsien (a group of religious zealots exiled from mainstream Kharakian society) attack and destroy a number of Coalition bases, including Epsilon, and lay siege to the city of Tiir, the planetary capital. The Gaalsien then attack the Kapisi at a S'jet base known as the Boneyard, while the Kapisi is undergoing final outfitting for desert operations.[13] A masked Gaalsien commander named Khagaan declares that the Coalition's use of satellites and other space-based technology violates the law of the Great Maker, Sajuuk, and the Gaalsien declare war on the Coalition. Escaping from the Boneyard under cover of a sandstorm, the Kapisi searches for their sister ship, the Kiith Siidim carrier Sakala, which also escaped its base after a Gaalsien attack.
In a region called Hell's Gate, the expedition stumbles upon the wreck of a previously launched S'jet carrier, the Ifriit Naabal, the flagship of the first expedition four years earlier; Rachel's elder brother Jacob had been first officer of the carrier, which recovered an artifact from the wreckage of a space-going vessel called the Kalash. The expedition moves in to salvage more artifacts from the Kalash, but come under attack from superior Gaalsien forces, led by Khagaan from the carrier Ashoka. Just as the expedition is about to be overrun, the Sakala and its escorts arrive with reinforcements, driving the Gaalsien forces off. The Sakala draws off the Ashoka while the Kapisi attacks the Gaalsien resource operations, but the Gaalsien carrier changes course to attack the Kapisi and its escorts. Despite the Gaalsien carrier's defenses and EMP weaponry, the Coalition forces engage and destroy the Ashoka.
Approaching the edge of Gaalsien territory, the two carriers assault a Gaalsien fortress, again using the Sakala to draw off the base's defenders while the Kapisi attacks the resource operations. Accessing the Gaalsien database, Rachel discovers that her brother had survived for years in Gaalsien custody, and that the Gaalsien believe the Jaraci Object to be the mythical Khar-Toba, the "First City" and origin of Kushan civilization. The Gaalsien leader, the K'Had Sajuuk, believes he will become ruler of all Kharak if he enters the temple of Khar-Toba. Along the way, the expedition also discovers a number of shipwrecks that are largely intact in spite of their age and conditions in the desert, and Rachel theorizes that they in fact materialized inside solid rock (referencing the hyperspace abilities of vessels by the time of Homeworld), having been forcibly intercepted by the power contained within the Jaraci Object site. Making their way through a narrow canyon into a region the Gaalsien call the "Dreamlands", the Kapisi and the Sakala engage and destroy two Gaalsien carriers, and fight their way to a high plateau in order to obtain critical supplies via airborne cargo landers from their leaders in Tiir.
As the K'Had Sajuuk's forces approach the primary anomaly, a weapons satellite opens fire on them from orbit; Rachel leaves to investigate the source of the signal that triggered the satellite, as the Kapisi holds its ground against enemy forces on the plateau in order to secure a runway for the landers. Just as the Coalition forces gain the upper hand, however, the Siidim forces betray them, opening fire on the S'jet cargo landers; the Siidim, long-time enemies of the Gaalsien, declare that they alone were of divine origin and would "purify" the desert, and that Khar-Toba and its secrets were theirs to claim. Rachel discovers that the signal that triggered the orbital satellite was from a Taiidan carrier, which crashed on the surface after deploying the weapon; Jacob used the transponder to trigger the satellite himself before dying of starvation and exposure. Rachel escapes the wreck with the transponder and makes a rendezvous with the Kapisi, which engages and destroys the Sakala and its escort forces.
With the Siidim defeated, Rachel travels ahead of the expedition, discovering that Khar-Toba is in fact an ancient starship, surrounded by an ancient city buried in the sand. The expedition sets up a scanner network around the wreck to better direct the Taiidan weapon satellite in orbit, and face the K'Had Sajuuk, commanding a unique flagship-style carrier. The Coalition forces destroy the Gaalsien flagship in a heated battle; as his ship is consumed in the explosion, the K'Had Sajuuk warns that Kharak would be destroyed by fire from the sky (prophetically referencing the events of Homeworld) as a result of the Coalition's actions. At the end, Rachel reflects that her brother had believed the salvation of their people to be found in the desert as the scene pans out from Khar-Toba towards the night sky, and the future that would await the Kushan in the century to come.
Factions[edit]
Unlike the previous games, which had two separate races, all of the factions in Deserts of Kharak are Kushan, but have distinct looks from one another, and also work differently. The campaign centers around the Coalition (the player's faction) and Kiith Gaalsien; two other groups, Kiith Soban and the Khaaneph, were added in DLC packs as playable factions (in addition to the originals) for Skirmish and Multiplayer modes.

Coalition of the Northern Kiithid
A loose alliance of clans from the northern polar regions of Kharak, based in the planetary capital of Tiir, which were responsible for Kharak's spaceflight program and the discovery of the Jaraci Object. The clans involved are based largely on what vehicle designs they provide to the expedition forces; they include S'jet (the command carrier, its production facilities, and its launched aircraft), Soban (armored attack vehicles), Naabal (heavy ordinance and Baserunners), Manaan (light attack vehicles), and Somtaaw (salvagers).[14] The Coalition makes extensive use of wheeled and tracked vehicles, heavy armor, and deployable technologies such as portable scanners, turrets, and mines, deployed by the Baserunner vehicles. Their tactics are described by the developers as being similar to the Greek phalanx and Cold War-era vehicle tactics, both of which required total commitment to battle.[15]
Kiith Gaalsien
A renegade clan dedicated to Sajuuk, the Great Maker Whose Hand Shapes What Is. Unlike the other religious clans, the Gaalsien preached harsh punishments against those who violated Sajuuk's law. Four hundred years before the events in Deserts of Kharak, the Gaalsien were declared outlaws after destroying the city of Saju-ka, killing thousands.[16] Well-adapted to residing in the deep desert, the Gaalsien use hover technology for their vehicles, and rely on speed and hit-and-run tactics, resulting in their vehicles being less armored than the Coalition forces. The Gaalsien also make use of railguns and self-repairing technology, recovered from wrecks in the desert. Tactically, they are described as being similar to the Mongol hordes, relying on mobility and probing for weaknesses before attacking, and the modern United States Armed Forces, using advanced technology to fight an opponent without fully committing.[17]
Kiith Soban
A clan belonging to the Coalition, which provided most of the heavy military hardware for the expedition forces. Known as the "Grey Brotherhood", the Sobani are a mercenary kiith formed from the remnants of a clan destroyed by rivals centuries before, eventually becoming one of the most feared warrior clans on Kharak.[16] Their vehicles are nearly identical to those of the greater Coalition, with some notable exceptions - the Sobani place greater emphasis on railguns, and both their Carrier and Battlecruiser vehicles are equipped with these weapons over the standard heavy cannons.[11]
Khaaneph
A group of clanless scavengers from Kharak's southern deserts, descended from survivors of clans destroyed in the Heresy Wars between Kiith Gaalsien and Kiith Siidim, hundreds of years prior to Deserts of Kharak. "Khaaneph" is the Gaalsien word for "godless"; while the Coalition clans are seen as followers of "false gods" due to their emphasis on science over religion, the Khaaneph believe in nothing at all, save for their own survival. They often raid desert settlements and supply caravans, utilizing every last scrap of resources they can muster - even consuming the corpses of the dead.[16] They use salvaged Gaalsien technology (particularly in the use of hovercraft), combined with heavy armor plating; the Khaaneph Carrier can also provide speed boosts not only for itself, but for all vehicles in a certain radius around it. They make extensive use of siege weapons, missiles, and other explosive devices.[12]



[832] GameTitle : Advent Rising
The game begins with Gideon Wyeth; the protagonist, escorting a group of human ambassadors from a space station to a meeting with an alien race called the Aurelians. At the meeting, the Aurelians tell the humans that they view them as gods and then warn them of another race of aliens called the Seekers who intend to destroy all humanity. Shortly thereafter, the space station is attacked by the Seekers. Gideon manages to board an escape pod and lands on the planet Edumea below.
On the planet, Gideon aids the Marines in their battle against the Seekers, but soon learns that the planet will shortly be destroyed by a meteor shower. The planet is evacuated, and Gideon accepts an invitation from the Aurelians to board their ship. After learning that humans have untapped mystical powers, he begins training with the Aurelians.
As Gideon is training, the ship is attacked by the Seekers. Gideon and some of the Aurelians evacuate to the Seeker vessel, though it is on a crash course with the Aurelian homeworld. Gideon and the remaining Aurelians find the planet overrun by Seekers. After liberating the planet, they travel to the Galactic Council to seek their help in combating the Seeker assault on humanity.
When the Council calls the Seekers to explain themselves, a being materializes in the Council chambers claiming to be a “true” human and a god. The being, a Koroem, takes full responsibility for the human genocide and claims that it ordered the Seekers to exterminate humanity because they were physically imitating the Koroem.
A battle ensues after the Koroem wounds one of the Aurelians, but it is ultimately killed when Gideon uses a previously unknown mystical ability. This opens a portal that Gideon is dragged into. He finds himself on an ice planet, where a horned creature dubbed "The Stranger" appears and says, "Come with me, human. There is much to be done." It then beckons Gideon to follow.
Characters[edit]

Gideon Wyeth (voiced by Will Friedle) — The main character of the game. He is a member of one of the last human outposts.
Ethan Wyeth — Gideon's hotshot older brother. Because of his celebrity following the Independence Wars, he is assigned the role of pilot for the mission of first contact with the Aurelians. He used his connections to instate Gideon as his co-pilot.
Olivia Morgan (voiced by Vanessa Marshall) — Gideon's fiancé, a scientist assigned to Luriam space station.
Marin Steel — A decorated pilot from the Independence Wars, she encounters Gideon as he attempts to escape Bahr Han on her ship. She is captured by the Seekers and unsuccessfully imprisoned on the island of Teran, having developed her own psychic powers.
Kelehm Farwaters (voiced by Dwight Schultz) — A ninth-tier Garhgon (an Aurelian religious caste), he has trained himself in the telekinetic arts. Kelehm belongs to "the old faith" which states that the discovery of humans is part of a prophecy and the Aurelians will gain greater psychic power through them.
Enorym Tenspur (voiced by Michael Bell) — Ally to Gideon and the most highly trained of the Aurelian elite fighters, Enorym serves as a commander of the elite Felidic warriors. Enorym leads an assault on a Seeker ship shortly after Gideon learns how to use his psychic powers.
Bud - A troublemaking Marine that starts a bar fight with Gideon and later challenges him and Ethan to a training match. After losing, Bud fires a blaster at Ethan. The player then has the choice of either using a stungun to disable Bud or picking up a blaster and killing him, which determines whether his squadmates help you or abandon you in a later gameplay segment.
K'Chell — A Seeker ambassador who interrupts the planetary ruling council and demands that the Aurelians hand over Gideon and Marin. When Kelehm refuses, K'Chell kills him, then escapes to the ansible to inform the Seeker armada.
Sevan — A council member on Aurelia, he leads a rebellion to give the humans to the Seekers and avoid retaliation. After staging a coup, he co-opts the council, gives Marin to the Seekers, and puts Enorym on trial for treason.
Banath — Originally serving as Enorym's best warrior, he is revealed to be a double agent for Sevan. Having planted a Seeker ambush inside the ansible, Banath becomes visibly angry after Enorym orders him to escort Marin back to the Aurelian capital. He returns with a dropship manned by other rebels after giving Marin to the Seekers and announces his betrayal by killing one of Enorym's warriors. Gideon kills Banath shortly after Enorym is put on trial.



[833] GameTitle : Jade Empire: Special Edition
Jade Empire takes place in a fictional kingdom inspired by ancient China. The game developers had a constructed language, Tho Fan, created for the game by Canadian linguist Wolf Wikeley. The language has been designed to sound ancient and distinctly Asian.[14] Tho Fan does without the verb "to be"; instead, articles are used to mark tense. In the game, the Tho Fan phrases do not actually match up to their on-screen translations—most of them are actually a set of a few dozen pre-rendered phrases. In fact, the game will often use exactly the same audio track to say successive sentences, as also occurs in Star Wars: Knights of the Old Republic.
Characters[edit]
Player characters[edit]
Prior to starting the game, the player must choose one of either six or seven playable characters, depending on the game version. The Gender of the character is by far the most important factor at character creation since it will determine the various romance options as well as the responses of many non-player characters throughout the story. There are no differences in combat capabilities between the Genders.
The default playable characters are labeled "fast" (Mind specialists), "magic" (Spirit specialists), "strong" (Body specialists), or "balanced". The male playable characters are Furious Ming (fast, tattooed), Lu the Prodigy (balanced, athletic), Tiger Shen (strong, large and muscular), and Monk Zeng (magic, dressed as a Buddhist monk). The female characters are Radiant Jen Zi (fast, diminutive), Scholar Ling (magic, contemplative), and Wu the Lotus Blossom (balanced, seductive). Monk Zeng is only available in the Limited Xbox and Special PC editions of the game. The names of the characters can be customized prior to starting the game. Other than Gender-based differences, the Jade Empire plot does not distinguish among the player characters (for example, all male characters will have the same dialog response options, and will be received the same way by the story). Some NPCs will give a vague description of the player character's appearance.
The player character models all share common expressive traits. Through most conversations, the faces of the playable characters are calm and expressionless. When choosing a rare humorous or witty response from dialog options, a slight, barely perceptible smile appears on the character models. When choosing a mean-spirited or angry response, a much more perceptible scowl shows itself. Many of the pre-generated video cut scenes are rendered separately for each player character model.
Non-player characters[edit]
During the course of the game the player will meet various non-player characters. Some will have the willingness to join the player's party and thereby become a 'follower'. Many more characters will not become followers, but will present opportunities for side-quests or casual conversation. The non-player characters include:

Dawn Star, voiced by Kim Mai Guest. She is a fellow student of the Two Rivers school under Master Li. She is an orphan with the ability to sense spirits, and the only thing she knows about her past is that she is named after an ominous light, which causes people to be wary of her.
Sagacious Zu, voiced by Robin Atkin Downes. He is a former member of the Lotus Assassins, who disagreed with the unnecessary slaughter ordered by Death's Hand. He attempts to stay away from trouble to avoid them, but he is drawn into the Spirit Monk's ordeal, often providing valuable insight into the Assassins. He hides much of his past, which includes getting an unnamed child to safety, and his role within the Assassins.
Sky, voiced by Cam Clarke. He is a thief with a grudge against Gao the Greater, a pirate, slave trader and (as is revealed later) Lotus Assassin enforcer, for the death of Sky's young daughter. He does not like being shackled by society, so he constantly travels, all while looking for his revenge.
Wild Flower, voiced by Nicky Pugh. She is a young girl who died during the flooding of Tien's Landing. She is then used by the Heavenly Gate Guardian, Chai Ka, as an anchor to the world, so that he may help the Spirit Monk and safeguard a piece of the amulet. He cares greatly for Wild Flower, and protects her from harm. Ya Zhen, an evil demon with goals of world domination, also inhabits her body in order to counterbalance Chai Ka's existence. The two constantly battle for control, and they manifest from Wild Flower's body in order to fight.
Silk Fox, voiced by Masasa Moyo. She is a mysterious, black-clad assassin, who reveals herself to be Princess Sun Lian, The Heavenly Lily. She works undercover as a commoner in order to seek out evidence that Death's Hand is manipulating her father. A stereotypical rich girl by nature, she comes over as snobbish and a bit naive, seeing her allies as commoners who are only worthy of traveling with her because she allows it. Nonetheless, she enjoys her other side as it gives her the freedom to break away from tradition from time to time.
Henpecked Hou, voiced by Josh Dean. He is a Bun Master and a former combatant in the Imperial Arena. He formerly used the "Drunken Master" style of fighting, but the constant consumption of alcohol left him destitute. Eventually, he married his promoter's niece, who quickly became overbearing and forced him to stop fighting and settle down. Hou is highly fearful of his wife, whom he constantly seeks to escape but is never able to actually leave. Depending on the actions of the student, Hou may at last break free of his overbearing wife in the game's epilogue.
Kang the Mad, voiced by Paul Eiding. He is an avid inventor who specializes in making things "fly and explode." He is generally eccentric, not very socially skilled, and quite arrogant about his creations. He does not believe in making improvements, and he instead completely destroys older models before building new ones. He has a very faulty memory, and he has a mysterious connection to Lord Lao's Furnace, which was created by a celestial being.
Zin Bu. He is a high-ranking member of the Celestial Bureaucracy charged with keeping tabs on the damage caused by the student and cataloging it to keep the universe in balance. After being replaced by an entire department, he is relegated to trade, selling items to the main character. Zin Bu ends up accepting and, in time, even enjoying his new job, as he no longer has to endure the workload that keeping track of the student brought him.
Black Whirlwind, voiced by Victor Brandt.[15] He is a dual axe-wielding mercenary known for his short temper, affinity for wine, and eagerness to kill. Though he is rather simple-minded and loves fighting, Whirlwind is not an evil but rather a chaotic individual. Zin Bu, formerly in charge of tracking and recording the student's actions, at one point remarks that an entire department is not enough to properly track Black Whirlwind.
Death's Hand. He is the mysterious armor-clad leader of the Lotus Assassins, and the Emperor's adviser. He is believed to be fanatically loyal to the Emperor. However, the Emperor's daughter Sun Lian, has doubts, being suspicious that he is plotting to seize control of the Empire. Death's Hand is dreaded by all in the Empire, and his very name is enough to terrify even other Lotus Assassins.
Abbot Song, voiced by Armin Shimerman. He is a deceased Spirit Monk killed during the siege on Dirge. He helps the student restore Dirge and the Water Dragon's power.
Master Li, voiced by Barry Dennen. He is a humble martial arts master, who trains his prized student for a coming ordeal. He reveals that he is really Sun Li, The Glorious Strategist, the brother of the Emperor said to have been killed as a traitor years before. He is soon kidnapped by the Lotus Assassins, and his student begins to search for him.
Emperor Sun Hai, voiced by Armin Shimerman. He is the leader of the Empire. Sun Hai is credited for having saved the Empire from the "Long Drought", which completely crippled the Empire. In the years since, the Emperor has become more and more reclusive, while Death's Hand has begun appearing more often in public. When he is confronted by his daughter and the student in his palace, Sun Hai is furious at their attempt to challenge his authority. He then reveals that he is a ghost, and vows to destroy the student. He is killed by the student after an extensive battle in the palace throne room.

Romance[edit]
Jade Empire gives the player-character the option to form a romantic relationship with several of the non-player characters, including characters of the same sex. A successfully romanced non-player character will be found outside the player-character's tent on the eve of the battle against the golems. Unless the player chooses to reject the NPC, the two will lean in to kiss (although if the character is of the same sex, the camera will pan away before the actual kiss itself). Male characters can romance Dawn Star, Silk Fox or Sky. Female characters can romance Sky or Silk Fox. Male characters can also romance both Dawn Star and Silk Fox at the same time. If this is the case, the cutscene and dialog at the tent implies that Dawn Star and Silk Fox spent some time together in their grief and lead the player character off for a ménage à trois. Romancing allows the player to influence the non-player character's way of thinking. For example, the normally calm and collected Dawn Star can be persuaded to stand up for herself and become an altogether less mellow person, effectively following the path of the Closed Fist.
Story[edit]
Chapter 1: Two Rivers
The game begins with the player cast as a martial arts student under the tutelage of Master Li, head of the Two Rivers martial arts school, based in the Golden Delta.[16]
The player's training is interrupted as the town of Two Rivers comes under attack from an aggressor in a strange ship, who summons ghosts to attack the student. The attacker is defeated by Master Li, who comes to the student's rescue and reveals that the attacker was a member of the Lotus Assassins, a mysterious force serving the Emperor of the Jade Empire. Gao the Lesser, a rival of the student, issues a challenge for a duel and loses. He is expelled from the school after he attempts to use explicitly forbidden magic on the student. Master Li explains that the student is the last of the order of Spirit Monks. He, a brother of the Emperor and leader of the Empire's army, had ordered an attack on Dirge, where the Spirit Monks' temple existed, in order to end the Long Drought. He claims to have opposed the act and to have saved the student and the Dragon's Amulet.
He sends the student to a cave beneath the school, where the student finds part of a Spirit Monk amulet and has a vision of the Water Dragon—the entity whose death at the hands of the Emperor ended the decade-long Long Drought, but left spirits roaming the land. Dawn Star, one of the students at the school and a friend of the player, is kidnapped by Gao The Lesser. The student rescues her but returns to find the village in flames and Master Li kidnapped. The student, Dawn Star, and Sagacious Zu, a man whom they met in the swamps around the village, head off in a borrowed flying machine towards the Imperial City, where Master Li has been taken.
Chapter 2: Tien's Landing
The party crash-lands their machine in Tien's Landing and sets out to find a new flier and a wind map that will show them the way to the Imperial City. The new flyer, called the Marvelous Dragonfly, is taken from the base of Gao the Greater, the father of the dead student of the first chapter. Gao the Greater is working with Grand Inquisitor Jia's elite subordinate, Inquisitor Lim, and is distressed to hear of his son's death. The player tracks down and kills him, and recruits Sky, a rogue, and Kang The Mad, Gao's personal engineer.
The party goes to a recently drained area near Tien's Landing, which flooded when the dam was first constructed. The Lotus Assassins opened the dam in order to search the ruins of old Tien's Landing. The student fights Chai Ka, a demon bound in the body of a little girl, and learns that Chai Ka was sent to protect the student and that the Lotus Assassins already have the amulet. The player can then close the dam or destroy the controls, keeping it open forever.
The student then heads to the Great Southern Forest, which is owned by Lord Yun. The player then has the option of helping the Forest Shadow defeat a demon known as the Mother, or helping the Mother's cannibalistic demons destroy the Forest Shadow. In either event, the player can convince Lord Yun that the forest is recovering and get his wind map. Inquisitor Lim will ambush the player at this point; the player kills him and recovers a piece of the amulet.
Chapter 3: Imperial City
The party lands in the Imperial City and meets Silk Fox, who is revealed to be Princess Lian the Heavenly Lily, daughter of the Emperor. She is unconvinced that her father is behind the sickness and plagues of the land, and believes that Death's Hand, the black armor-clad head of the Lotus Assassins, is responsible. After joining either the Executioners or the Inquisitors, the student's party infiltrates the Lotus Assassins' training ground to recover the last part of the Spirit Monk amulet. Sagacious Zu reveals that he was one of the Lotus Assassins who killed Master Li's family. During their quest, the party helps Master Gang assassinate his superior, Master Shin, making the deed look like an accident, and puts a corrupted Spirit Shard into a Jade Golem, causing it to malfunction. The golems go out of control, damaging the underground complex. The party battles two Jade Golems and a handful of Lotus Assassins, killing Master Gang in the process. They also find Grand Inquisitor Jia, who reveals that the Emperor knew about what Death's Hand and the Lotus Assassins were doing and had, in fact, ordered them to do it. The player kills her, but Death's Hand arrives. Sagacious Zu sacrifices himself to save the student, burying Death's Hand in rubble.
Chapter 4: Imperial Palace
The party fights their way to the Emperor's throne room where Silk Fox learns of what her father has done. He is aware that the Water Dragon's death is stopping the dead from reaching the underworld but is mad with power. The Emperor knocks down everyone in the throne room with a blast of magic and summons guards to attack the student, who defeats them. The student battles the Emperor, who is able to alternate fighting styles and damage immunities. The student kills the Emperor, but Master Li gets up, takes the Jade Heart for himself, and kills the student.
Chapter 5: Spirit Monk Temple
The student wakes up in the underworld as a spirit. The Water Dragon reveals that Sun Li had planned this all along; he wished for the Water Dragon's power and needed to obtain the amulet and defeat Emperor Sun Hai. The student meets up with the spirit of Abbot Song, who reveals what truly happened at Dirge. He explains that Sun Li wore the armor of Death's Hand and killed the abbot when he tried to stop Sun Li and his brothers. The brothers arranged for Dirge's fountains to be tainted with human blood, weakening the Water Dragon, and Emperor Sun Hai killed Sun Kin (later Death's Hand) when he and Sun Li attempted to oppose him. Abbot Song then reveals that one of his order attempted to escape with the student, but Sun Li, who had escaped from Sun Hai, killed the student's guardian and assumed his identity. The player and Abbot Song make their way through Dirge and learn that an evil being has taken control after the fall of the temple. The student reaches the place where the Water Dragon was slain, and defeats aspects of the student's darker emotions. The student then returns to life, and the rest of the party, who learns about this through Dawn Star, flies to Dirge to reunite with their friend.
Chapter 6: Defending the Temple
While the student was dead, Sun Li realized that action would have to be taken in case the student managed to return to the realm of the living, and he retrieved Death's Hand from the rubble of the Lotus Assassin headquarters. He then sends the Imperial Army against Dirge. Sky pretends to betray the group, and lures Death's Hand out so that the student can defeat him in single combat. However, this is not enough to defeat him; Death's Hand rises again, but the student uses the force of his will to expel Sun Li's influence. The player may then release Death's Hand, use him as a slave, or convince him to seek redemption.
Chapter 7: Back to the Palace
The party flies back to the palace to confront Master Li, now the Emperor. As they make their way through the palace they discover that Emperor Sun Hai had stopped the drought by cutting open the Water Dragon's corpse and letting the water that flowed from it feed the Empire. The student chooses either to destroy the Water Dragon's body, thus freeing her spirit and allowing the dead to find the underworld, or to defile the water, weakening the Dragon, and then claim her power after defeating the new Emperor.
The student reaches Emperor Sun Li, who first sends Constructs of Bull and Elephant demons, the most powerful in the game, after the player. Sun Li then encases the student in stone and attempts to defeat the player with the force of his own doubt. However, if the student's companions survived, they will reduce the number of enemies that must be fought in each of the two stages. Sagacious Zu appears and helps free the student from his mind.
Emperor Sun Li offers to help his student live in legend forever, if the student dies without fighting. If the player makes this decision, the student is remembered as a hero for knowing his or her place as Sun Li looks on and laughs. If the player does not, Sun Li attacks, and the student defeats him.
Endings[edit]
If the student follows the Open Hand and chooses to free the Water Dragon's spirit, then the end sequence shows the people of the Jade Empire cheering the student and their party. If the student follows the Closed Fist and chooses to enslave the Water Dragon, the end sequence shows the Lotus Assassins kneeling at the feet of the student. After this end sequence, there are short text summaries detailing the fate of any characters who survived the adventure. These vary depending on whether the student chose to enslave or free the Water Dragon, and also on what romance options the student pursued.
Dawn Star: If the student chooses the path of the Open Hand, then she either settles down with the student, settles down on her own, or rules the empire with the student. If the student talked her into a Closed Fist philosophy or abandoned her, then she wanders the Jade Empire alone.
Silk Fox: If the student does not romance Silk Fox, she will become Empress of the Jade Empire. If the student is male and romances Silk Fox, he and Silk Fox will rule the empire fairly, or with an iron fist. If the student is female and romances Silk Fox, Silk Fox will either rule the empire fairly with her 'companion,' or will rule with an iron fist, and both the student and Silk Fox will don the Silk Fox costume to silence dissenters.
Sky: Sky will use the Guild for good purposes, or serve as the student's consort or as the new Death's Hand. If the student romances Sky, they leave the imperial city and live on the outskirts of Tien's Landing, unless the student is male, in which case they continue on their adventures through the Jade Empire, not content to settle down in one place.
Black Whirlwind: Black Whirlwind initially takes a contract hunting demons for the Celestial Bureaucracy, but the red tape annoys him and he ultimately leaves. After leaving the Empire for some time—he is likely responsible for a sudden influx of outlanders with missing limbs—he returns, vowing to never leave the Jade Empire again. He gets bored a week later and heads north.
Henpecked Hou: After a series of mishaps, Hou starts a delivery business which he immediately uses as a method of escaping his overbearing wife.
Chai Ka: Chai Ka will either return to the heavens, freeing Wild Flower and giving her the gift of life, or remain trapped in Wild Flower's body causing her to wander the empire as a raving lunatic.
Ya Zhen: Ya Zhen will either serve the student until the student passes away, at which point Ya Zhen moves to bigger plans, or else will serve the student forever and loyally.
Death's Hand: Death's Hand will either become more evil, mutating so badly that his armor cannot hold his demonic form, or he will spend the rest of his days wandering the empire as a crusader for good in order to make up for his past misdeeds.
Kang the Mad: Kang will continue to invent machines until an explosion appears to take his life, although strange machines will continue to appear on the student's doorstep every year on the anniversary of their victory. As Lord Lao, Kang's lack of danger affects his imagination in building machines, so as a radical solution Kang starts arming the mobs that chase after him. If the player chose the Closed Fist ending, Kang works for the emperor (the player), worrying his use will eventually be worn out and he will be disposed of. Eventually, he crafts a portal to another dimension and disappears in a huge explosion, taking an entire lake with him.
Yet another ending is available if the Student agrees to the terms of surrender presented by Sun Li in the final confrontation. The ending sequence features a statue of the student being praised years later by a class of children with a skin condition similar to that of the Lotus Assassins. One child asks what life was like before the protagonist's honored sacrifice and is quickly shushed by his teacher as a Jade Golem readies an axe to quell such questioning. The sequence ends with Sun Li laughing evilly; the decision to surrender has ultimately led to misery and corruption in the Jade Empire.


[839] GameTitle : Fable Anniversary
On his sister's birthday, a young boy's village of Oakvale is raided by bandits; killing the boy's entire family. An old Hero, Maze, rescues the boy, seeing great potential in him; Maze trains the boy to become a Hero at the Heroes' Guild. Years pass; after honing his skills, Maze informs the Hero of a blind seeress living among a bandit camp near Oakvale, and advises the Hero to infiltrate the bandit camp. To the Hero's surprise, the blind seeress is actually his older sister Theresa who was taken in by Twinblade, a former Hero and the present Bandit King. After a showdown with Twinblade, the Hero is given the choice of killing or sparing the bandit.
Later on in the Hero's life, after he has gained more recognition among the people of Albion, he is invited to fight in the Arena, where he meets the legendary Hero named Jack of Blades, who runs the arena battles. As a final challenge, Jack pits the Hero against his rival, which was also once his childhood friend/room-mate back in the Guild—Whisper; when the Hero defeats her he may kill or spare her.
The Hero learns that Jack of Blades himself destroyed Oakvale during the Hero's childhood; aided by Theresa, the Hero discovers his mother alive in Bargate Prison. The Hero is captured in the rescue attempt and spends a year or more in the prison before finally escaping. Maze is revealed to be a traitor and working with Jack. Maze kidnaps Theresa. After defeating Maze, the Hero is led into a final confrontation with Jack where his mother is killed. Jack reveals that The Sword of Aeons can only be wielded if it receives the blood of Archon. The Sword of Aeons is said to be a very powerful sword of destruction. Upon the death of their mother, the Hero and Theresa are the only two remaining descendants of Archon, and if Jack destroys them both the sword will be even more powerful. After defeating Jack, the Hero must choose whether to keep the Sword of Aeons by killing his sister, or cast it away forever into a portal created by Jack of Blades' death.
Depending on the Hero's alignment and the player's choice of using or destroying the sword, there are a total of four different endings. Once the ending credits roll, players can resume their games.[6]
In The Lost Chapters special edition, the story continues. After the defeat of Jack, the Hero must find passage to the Northern Wastes to aid a legendary hero named Scythe in stopping an unknown great evil from returning. Should the hero have discarded the Sword of Aeons he will have the opportunity to gain the sword "Avo's Tear", a sword of similar design and equal power but that holds a light alignment rather than dark. Avo is said to be a god that represents the light side alignment. After a series of quests revolving around this new evil, it is learned that Jack of Blades has returned. He must then defeat Jack of Blades a second time, Jack having returned from the dead in the form of a dragon. Upon the death of Jack, the hero then uses Jack's mask to capture Jack's soul, with Scythe telling him that the battle is not over and that he must destroy the mask. The hero then has the final choice of putting on the mask—being consumed by Jack in the process—or destroying it, along with Jack, forever.


[840] GameTitle : The Walking Dead: A New Frontier
Javier is living with his family in Baltimore, including his brother, David and his second-wife, Kate, and children, Gabe and Mariana, at the onset of the walker epidemic. When their father dies of cancer and turns, biting their mother, David takes her to the hospital, but doesn't return. After several months, Javier and Kate agree it was time to move on and set off with Gabe and Mariana on the road.
Four years later, in the game's present, the four have a run-in with a group of men led by Max and Badger while scavenging for supplies and gas from a junk yard. Javier is driven away from the others but is rescued by Clementine. She offers to help in exchange for their family truck, and takes him to Prescott, a fortified community within an old airfield, where he is introduced to Tripp, Conrad, Francine, and Eleanor. Tripp and Eleanor agree to help rescue Javier's family. In the rescue attempt, Mariana is killed by Max and Badger's men, and Kate is critically wounded, but Javier's allies manage to repel the attack. Kate is rushed back to Prescott, while Clementine identifies one of the attackers as a member of The New Frontier, a large group of survivors she had once met, claiming they were once good people, but have since become twisted and distrustful.
Kate is stable, but needs proper medical attention. Suddenly, Max and Badger appear at the gates of Prescott, having taken Francine as a hostage and demand Javier turn himself over. However, regardless of Javier's response, Badger kills Francine and unleashes a horde of walkers into Prescott, killing its inhabitants. Only Javier, Clementine, Tripp, Conrad, Eleanor, Kate, and Gabe make it out alive. They regroup on the road, and Eleanor suggests they go to Richmond, Virginia, where she heard a sizable survivor camp can be found. A horde of walkers separates the group, and Eleanor drives ahead with Kate, while the others meet Paul "Jesus" Monroe, who offers to lead them through a shortcut via a train tunnel. Jesus reveals that the New Frontier controls Richmond; after their past encounter, the group fear for Eleanor and Kate's lives. During this time, Clementine warns Javier that she used to be a member of the New Frontier, and will stay outside the city when they enter.
The group finds Kate near the gates of Richmond, and demand the guards to let them in for Kate's sake. They are met by the town's chief of security, who to Javier's shock, is his brother David. David takes Kate and Gabe to Dr. Lingard for medical attention, while the others are kept in quarantine. David later comes to escort Javier around Richmond, explaining that after he went to the hospital, he could not get back into Baltimore, so he eventually took up the role as head of security for the New Frontier. David introduces Javier to Ava, his second-in-command, and to see a recovering Kate, who secretly warns Javier that David seems untrustful. David then takes Javier to see the New Frontier's leadership council, which includes himself, Dr. Lingard, Clint, and Joan, so that he may argue his case to stay in Richmond. While there, Max arrives and accuses Javier of stealing New Frontier supplies and killing his men at the junkyard. While David seems to accept Javier's story, Joan orders that Javier and the rest of his group to be evicted. They are given meager supplies, but which includes a map from David to a nearby warehouse.
There, they are shortly joined by David, who admits that something may be wrong with the New Frontier. Clementine accuses David of being responsible for the death of the infant AJ; in flashbacks, Clementine and AJ were forced to travel on their own before meeting Ava and being invited into the New Frontier. When AJ became deathly ill, Clementine attempted to steal medicine from Dr. Lingard in order to save his life. When David discovered her plot, he took AJ away from her and exiled her from the New Frontier. In the present, David admits AJ made a full recovery and is somewhere safe in Richmond with Dr. Lingard. The group overhears Max, Badger &amp; Lonnie in the warehouse, and find that it is full of supplies taken by force from other communities, including Prescott and the Hilltop. Badger is killed while David interrogates Max, who admits that Joan had made orders behind David's back to raid other communities.
Jesus takes his leave to warn his own group about Joan while the others return to Richmond to confront Joan and rescue Kate, Gabe, Eleanor, and AJ. However, Joan turns on David and labels him as a conspirator alongside Javier, and makes plans to hang David at the town square the next day. Javier manages to escape confinement and organizes his group to try and expose Joan and turn the people of the New Frontier against her, as well as set off to acquire a stash of weapons and a truck to escape once they have rescued David. Clementine and Javier meet up at the hospital and learn that AJ is being kept at a ranch outside of town from Dr. Lingard, who demands they kill him by injection in exchange for information as he can no longer cope with the New Frontier's actions.
At the hanging, Joan calls out on Javier, accusing his group of being responsible for many past losses. She reveals she has captured Ava and Tripp, and demands Javier determine who to spare; regardless of which he picks, Joan betrays him and kills the one he choses, despite Clint's attempt to negotiate peace. The player has the option of killing Joan or trying to negotiate a deal, either choice leading to a firefight among the survivors during which Javier manages to free David. Kate, who had stayed with their escape vehicle, races into the square with the truck, but it is struck by a Molotov cocktail, and she loses control and crashes into one of the city's walls; the truck explodes, and walkers start to pour in through the breech. Kate survives and rejoins the group, who barricade themselves in an apartment building full of survivors and contemplate on how to save Richmond.
David becomes suspicious of Javier and Kate's closeness, and the group becomes wary of David's growing aggression. The group decides to acquire a bulldozer that can help barricade the blockade to prevent the herd from proliferating. Along the way on the overpass either Tripp or Ava dies, depending on Javier's choice earlier. As they acquire the bulldozer, David views Richmond as a lost cause and suggests that they leave the city to the walkers and return home, to which Gabe reluctantly agrees, but everyone else heavily disagrees with. After Kate reveals her feelings about Javier out of spite, David attacks him. Whether or not Javier decides to fight back, walkers begin to close in on them, allowing David to leave in a truck with Gabe. Kate decides to man the bulldozer to help save Richmond; Javier and Clementine decide whether to help Kate or pursue David. The choice made can result in Javier losing Kate, David and/or Gabe. Jesus arrives with backup from the Kingdom to help the survivors round up the walkers and lead them out of Richmond, saving the town.
Days later, Javier memorializes the ones lost and meets Jesus, who suggests that he steps up as Richmond's new leader. Having learned AJ's location from Dr. Lingard, Clementine decides to leave Richmond in order to find him. Javier gives her a haircut and bids her goodbye as she departs.


[842] GameTitle : Ravenmark: Scourge of Estellion
The story of Ravenmark delves into the tribulations suffered by the dominant Empire of Estellion following the death of its beloved Emperor, Sergius Corvius. Faced with a power struggle stirring from within, the Empire is quickly engulfed in chaos when the vengeful mystics of Kaysan invade the territories of Estellion and its neighboring nations within the world of Eclisse.
Through the different story campaigns, players follow the perspectives of commanders from each nation involved in the conflict. The campaigns of Estellion follow the bookish, mild-mannered Calius Septim and his mentor, the great general Vidius Harper, while the Kaysani campaign features the maniacal machinations of Alejo de Porres.


[844] GameTitle : Myst V
End of Ages takes place in the present day, sometime after the events of Uru: Ages Beyond Myst, and begins as the player responds to a letter from Atrus. Atrus is a writer of special volumes called linking books, which serve as portals or links to worlds known as Ages. A linking book to the Age of Myst, the setting of the original game, lies sealed in the ruins of the ancient D'ni civilization.[7] The D'ni had the ability to craft linking books, but their society crumbled from within; Atrus and his family have been trying to restore the D'ni people and created an Age for the survivors to live on, known as Releeshahn (introduced in Exile). Atrus by this period is an old man, mourning the deaths of his sons Sirrus and Achenar in Revelation, and the death of his wife Catherine in the period after. In his letter, Atrus expresses concern that his daughter, Yeesha, may be lost as well.
The player starts in Atrus' old study on K'veer, an island near the ruins of the main D'ni city; in the antechamber outside the study, there is a strange tablet locked in place on an altar. Yeesha links in and explains that legends state that in order to fully restore D'ni, someone known as the Grower must utilize the tablet. The artifact has the ability to fully control a mysterious enslaved race known as the Bahro. As Yeesha made the wrong decision upon unlocking the tablet, she can no longer use it; Yeesha instead charges the player with uncovering the tablet's power.[8] After leaving Yeesha, the player meets a man named Esher near "the Great Shaft", connecting D'ni to the surface (as detailed in Myst: The Book of Ti'ana). Esher is a survivor of the fall of D'ni and tells the player that Yeesha cannot be trusted, warning the player not to give her the Tablet.[9] Throughout the Great Shaft, the player collects twelve fragments of Yeesha's journal. The writings appear to confirm Esher's warnings, as the narration seemingly indicates that Yeesha has descended into madness, believing herself to be the Grower.
At the urging of both Yeesha and Esher, the player travels across four Ages, collecting four slates that unlock the tablet's power.[10] Esher occasionally appears in the Ages to offer his counsel, or reveal the histories of his people and the worlds the player explores. Once all four slates are collected, Esher requests that the player bring the tablet to him in the now-unlocked Age of Myst. The player is then returned to K'veer, where they have four possible choices. Travelling to Myst without the tablet will cause Esher to angrily abandon the player with no way out.[11] If Esher is given the tablet, he will explain he wishes to use the tablet for domination, and will also leave the player trapped.[12] If the player gives the tablet to Yeesha, the tablet simply slips through her hands and disappears into the ground; she walks away, disappointed, leaving the player trapped in D'ni. The only good ending involves giving the Bahro the tablet, ending their enslavement. Arriving at Releeshahn, the new home Age of the D'ni, Yeesha and Atrus thank the player and speak of a new chapter for the D'ni people; Esher is handed over to the Bahro to be punished for his crimes. The game ends on a visit to Releeshahn.


[845] GameTitle : realMYST
Players assume the role of an unnamed person known as the Stranger, who stumbles across an unusual book titled "Myst". The Stranger reads the book and discovers a detailed description of an island world called Myst. Placing his hand on the last page, the Stranger is whisked away to the world described, and is left with no choice but to explore the island.[12][13] Myst contains a library where two additional books can be found, colored red and blue. These books are traps that hold Sirrus and Achenar, the sons of Atrus, who once lived on Myst island with his wife Catherine. Atrus writes special "linking books" that transport people to the worlds, or "Ages", that the books describe. From the panels of their books, Sirrus and Achenar tell the Stranger that Atrus is dead; each brother blames the other for the death of their father, as well as the destruction of much of Atrus' library. Both plead for the Stranger to help them escape. However, the books are missing several pages, rendering the sons' messages initially unclear and riddled with static.
As the Stranger continues to explore the island, books linking to more Ages are discovered hidden behind complex mechanisms and puzzles. The Stranger must visit each Age, find the red and blue pages hidden there, and return to Myst Island. These pages can then be placed in the corresponding books. As the Stranger adds more pages to these books, the brothers can be seen and heard more clearly. After collecting four pages, the brothers can talk clearly enough to tell the Stranger where the fifth and final missing page for their book is hidden; if the Stranger can complete either book, that brother will be set free. The clearer dialog also allows the player to more accurately judge each brother's personality. The Stranger is left with a choice to help Sirrus, Achenar, or neither.[14]
Sirrus and Achenar beg the Stranger not to touch the green book that is stored in the same location as their final pages. They claim that it is a book like their own that will trap the Stranger.[15] In truth, it leads to D'ni, where Atrus is imprisoned. When the book is opened, Atrus asks the Stranger to bring him a final page that is hidden on Myst Island; without it, he cannot bring his sons to justice.[16] The game has several endings, depending on the player's actions. Giving either Sirrus or Achenar the final page of their book causes the Stranger to switch places with the son, leaving the player trapped inside the Prison book. Linking to D'ni without the page Atrus asks for leaves the Stranger and Atrus trapped on D'ni. Linking to D'ni with the page allows Atrus to complete his Myst book and return to the island.[14] Upon returning to the library, the player finds the red and blue books gone, and burn marks on the shelves where they used to be.


[846] GameTitle : Twin Sector


[852] GameTitle : Tex Murphy: Mean Streets
The player plays the role of Tex Murphy, a down-and-out private investigator living in post-apocalyptic San Francisco. Tex is hired by a beautiful young woman named Sylvia Linsky to investigate the death of her father, Dr. Carl Linsky, a professor at the University of San Francisco. Prior to his death, Carl would not talk to his daughter about the secret project he was working on, and days later, he was seen falling off the Golden Gate Bridge. Sylvia suspects murder, but the police say it was routine suicide. To help get him started, Tex is given $10,000 and a few leads. The player is referred to the game's manual for a list of their leads.


[882] GameTitle : Evangeline
Evangeline describes the betrothal of a fictional Acadian girl named Evangeline Bellefontaine to her beloved, Gabriel Lajeunesse, and their separation as the British deport the Acadians from Acadie in the Great Upheaval. The poem then follows Evangeline across the landscapes of America as she spends years in a search for him, at some times being near to Gabriel without realizing he was near. Finally she settles in Philadelphia and, as an old woman, works as a Sister of Mercy among the poor. While tending the dying during an epidemic she finds Gabriel among the sick, and he dies in her arms.


[949] GameTitle : Need for Speed Undercover
A few days before Undercover's release, EA revealed a few plot details. A video was uploaded that showed the player evading capture from the Tri-City Police Department (TCPD).[21] Another source revealed that the player gets aided by Inspector Chase Linh and Lt. Jack Keller, played by actors Maggie Q and Paul Pape respectively,[21] whilst also making friends with a character named Carmen Mendez, played by singer and actress Christina Milian.
In addition, six criminal characters were revealed, who are:

Chau Wu played by Jack Yang
Gregory "GMAC" MacDonald a former undercover police officer from the TCPD, who's gone native, played by actor David Rees Snell (from the television series The Shield)
Rose Largo played by actress Heather Fox (voiced by Dawn Olivieri, also in web series Takedown)
Hector Maio played by actor Kurt Caceres (from the television series Prison Break)
Freddy "Nickel" Rogers played by actor Lawrence B. Adisa
Zack Maio played by actor Joshua Alba (brother of the actress Jessica Alba)

The player is set in the story as a police officer, who goes undercover into the criminal underground of Tri-City, a fictional city where the game is based.[12] The player has to take on dangerous 'jobs' and compete in races in order to infiltrate and take down a ruthless international crime smuggling syndicate, consisting of illegal street racers and car thieves.[11] The player's only contacts to the police are federal handler Chase Linh as the main antagonist, played by Maggie Q, and later Lt. Jack M. Keller played by Paul Pape.[22] In time, the player begins to prove himself an excellent racer and wheelman.[11] As he goes deeper undercover, he ends up having to take out different criminal "friends" he meets, but mistakenly frames Chau Wu, a ruthless leader of a crime syndicate.[11] Chau Wu then calls the player and tells him that there is only one thing he can do to redeem himself.[11] There is a car stolen from the dockyards with incriminating evidence in it.[11] Chau Wu believes GMAC stole it, and he wants it back.[11] In reality, Hector and Zack Maio are the ones who stole it, not realizing who the car belonged to.[11] Carmen, fearful that Chau Wu is coming after her, asks the player to take the BMW M6 (Porsche 911 GT2 on PS2 and Wii versions) from her, however, Chau Wu finds out that the player now has his car.[11] He phones the player demanding the car back and will use Chase Linh as a hostage until the player does.[11] As a result, the player takes the car to Chau Wu, hoping to save her but when he gets there, he discovers that Chase Linh has been working with Chau Wu all along.[11] Chase Linh then kills Chau Wu and his henchmen with a silenced pistol recovered from Chau Wu in order to frame the player for the manslaughter and escapes in the car, taking any of Chau Wu's possessions that were in it with her.[11] The police, thinking the player is the killer, come after him, but Lt. Jack Keller tells him to lose them and go after Chase.[11] The chase takes place with Chase in a grey BMW M6 (red Porsche 911 GT2 With a vinyl resembling the vinyl of the BMW M3 GTR in Need For Speed Most Wanted in the PlayStation 2 and Wii Versions) which contained the money. Eventually, she is apprehended and charged.[11] Later, Lt. Keller tells the player that Carmen testified in return for not being charged for any criminal offenses and that the evidence used against Chase Linh was Chau Wu's PDA, which contained information regarding the dockyard cars and other criminal activities.[11] The player is praised because he went 'Deep Undercover' but still did not forget himself. In the last scene, Carmen asks the player to drive her to the university because she is currently attending as a med student.[11] The ending song after that scene (credits) is On My Own performed by Splitting Adam.
Undercover is followed by Need for Speed: World in chronological order, which was released internationally on July 27, 2010, and Need for Speed: Shift, which released worldwide in September 2009.


[950] GameTitle : STAR WARS: The Force Unleashed II
The game takes place approximately six months after the events of the first game,[10] and a year before the first Star Wars.[11][12] The Force Unleashed II is described as the "dark entry" in the series,[12] and a more personal story for the game's protagonist than the first game.[10]
Players control Starkiller's renegade clone, a failure of Darth Vader's attempt to create a perfect secret apprentice.[3] After a vision that Darth Vader will kill him due to his inability to kill a test droid, which had taken the form of Juno Eclipse, the original Starkiller's love interest, the clone escapes from captivity on Kamino. After eliminating his stormtrooper captors, Starkiller embarks on a quest to understand his identity and to find Juno Eclipse.[3][12] Meanwhile, Darth Vader has hired Boba Fett to track down Juno Eclipse to lure Starkiller out of hiding.[6] Starkiller rescues Jedi Master Rahm Kota, the original Starkiller's Jedi mentor, from a gladiatorial arena on Cato Neimoidia, and encounters Yoda on Dagobah.[13] After encountering strange visions on Dagobah, Starkiller rushes to Juno's ship, the Rebel cruiser Salvation, only to arrive just as Boba Fett captures her and takes her to Kamino.
With help from Kota, the Rebels launch an all-out assault on Kamino. Starkiller crashes Salvation’s into the planet's shield, allowing Kota to stage a ground assault, while he goes after Juno. In a confrontation with Vader, Juno is thrown out of a window, crashing to the ground. Thinking Juno is dead, an enraged Starkiller attacks Vader, severing his hand and subduing him with Force Lightning. Kota arrives with his men, and tells Starkiller not to kill Vader. He wants to interrogate the Sith Lord for the Empire's secrets, then put him on trial, and then later execute him. As in the first game, this allows the player to choose either the light path or the dark path:

If the player chooses the light side, Starkiller lowers his blade and allows Kota's men to capture Vader. Starkiller discovers Juno survived the fall, they kiss, and the two travel into hyperspace together aboard the Rogue Shadow, taking Vader prisoner. Starkiller confronts Vader again saying that because he made the conscious choice, of his own free will, to spare Vader's life, he is finally free of the Dark Lord's control. Vader's response is that as long as Juno lives, Vader will always have control over him. Unknown to Starkiller and Juno, Boba Fett pursues in his spacecraft.
If the player chooses the dark side, Starkiller raises his saber to kill Vader, only to be impaled by a shrouded figure who uncloaks behind him. Kota attacks the figure, but is driven back and force pushed over the edge with numerous other Rebel troopers. As the figure removes his cowl, Vader explains to the dying Starkiller he lied when he said the cloning process had not been perfected, revealing the figure to be a dark, perfect clone. Starkiller takes one last look at Juno's corpse and dies. The clone kneels before Vader and is instructed to take Starkiller's ship and kill the remaining leaders of the Rebel Alliance. Downloadable content released in December 2010 expands on this ending, with Starkiller's clone participating in the Battle of Endor in which the remnants of the Rebel Alliance desperately attack Endor in the hopes of destroying the Death Star II. The dark Starkiller is sent to eliminate the threat and kills Ewoks and Rebels (including Han Solo and Chewbacca) in the process. Eventually he finds Princess Leia Organa, who is revealed to be a Jedi after the death of her brother on Hoth, waiting for him and duels her. Starkiller succeeds in killing her. Meanwhile, the Emperor scolds Vader for creating the dark copy of his failed apprentice and subdues him with Force Lightning (calling him Skywalker). The Emperor then orders Captain Sarkli to kill the dark Starkiller. Starkiller meditates at Leia's corpse as Star Destroyers loom in the distance.



[951] GameTitle : Need for Speed Undercover
A few days before Undercover's release, EA revealed a few plot details. A video was uploaded that showed the player evading capture from the Tri-City Police Department (TCPD).[21] Another source revealed that the player gets aided by Inspector Chase Linh and Lt. Jack Keller, played by actors Maggie Q and Paul Pape respectively,[21] whilst also making friends with a character named Carmen Mendez, played by singer and actress Christina Milian.
In addition, six criminal characters were revealed, who are:

Chau Wu played by Jack Yang
Gregory "GMAC" MacDonald a former undercover police officer from the TCPD, who's gone native, played by actor David Rees Snell (from the television series The Shield)
Rose Largo played by actress Heather Fox (voiced by Dawn Olivieri, also in web series Takedown)
Hector Maio played by actor Kurt Caceres (from the television series Prison Break)
Freddy "Nickel" Rogers played by actor Lawrence B. Adisa
Zack Maio played by actor Joshua Alba (brother of the actress Jessica Alba)

The player is set in the story as a police officer, who goes undercover into the criminal underground of Tri-City, a fictional city where the game is based.[12] The player has to take on dangerous 'jobs' and compete in races in order to infiltrate and take down a ruthless international crime smuggling syndicate, consisting of illegal street racers and car thieves.[11] The player's only contacts to the police are federal handler Chase Linh as the main antagonist, played by Maggie Q, and later Lt. Jack M. Keller played by Paul Pape.[22] In time, the player begins to prove himself an excellent racer and wheelman.[11] As he goes deeper undercover, he ends up having to take out different criminal "friends" he meets, but mistakenly frames Chau Wu, a ruthless leader of a crime syndicate.[11] Chau Wu then calls the player and tells him that there is only one thing he can do to redeem himself.[11] There is a car stolen from the dockyards with incriminating evidence in it.[11] Chau Wu believes GMAC stole it, and he wants it back.[11] In reality, Hector and Zack Maio are the ones who stole it, not realizing who the car belonged to.[11] Carmen, fearful that Chau Wu is coming after her, asks the player to take the BMW M6 (Porsche 911 GT2 on PS2 and Wii versions) from her, however, Chau Wu finds out that the player now has his car.[11] He phones the player demanding the car back and will use Chase Linh as a hostage until the player does.[11] As a result, the player takes the car to Chau Wu, hoping to save her but when he gets there, he discovers that Chase Linh has been working with Chau Wu all along.[11] Chase Linh then kills Chau Wu and his henchmen with a silenced pistol recovered from Chau Wu in order to frame the player for the manslaughter and escapes in the car, taking any of Chau Wu's possessions that were in it with her.[11] The police, thinking the player is the killer, come after him, but Lt. Jack Keller tells him to lose them and go after Chase.[11] The chase takes place with Chase in a grey BMW M6 (red Porsche 911 GT2 With a vinyl resembling the vinyl of the BMW M3 GTR in Need For Speed Most Wanted in the PlayStation 2 and Wii Versions) which contained the money. Eventually, she is apprehended and charged.[11] Later, Lt. Keller tells the player that Carmen testified in return for not being charged for any criminal offenses and that the evidence used against Chase Linh was Chau Wu's PDA, which contained information regarding the dockyard cars and other criminal activities.[11] The player is praised because he went 'Deep Undercover' but still did not forget himself. In the last scene, Carmen asks the player to drive her to the university because she is currently attending as a med student.[11] The ending song after that scene (credits) is On My Own performed by Splitting Adam.
Undercover is followed by Need for Speed: World in chronological order, which was released internationally on July 27, 2010, and Need for Speed: Shift, which released worldwide in September 2009.


[952] GameTitle : STAR WARS: The Force Unleashed II
The game takes place approximately six months after the events of the first game,[10] and a year before the first Star Wars.[11][12] The Force Unleashed II is described as the "dark entry" in the series,[12] and a more personal story for the game's protagonist than the first game.[10]
Players control Starkiller's renegade clone, a failure of Darth Vader's attempt to create a perfect secret apprentice.[3] After a vision that Darth Vader will kill him due to his inability to kill a test droid, which had taken the form of Juno Eclipse, the original Starkiller's love interest, the clone escapes from captivity on Kamino. After eliminating his stormtrooper captors, Starkiller embarks on a quest to understand his identity and to find Juno Eclipse.[3][12] Meanwhile, Darth Vader has hired Boba Fett to track down Juno Eclipse to lure Starkiller out of hiding.[6] Starkiller rescues Jedi Master Rahm Kota, the original Starkiller's Jedi mentor, from a gladiatorial arena on Cato Neimoidia, and encounters Yoda on Dagobah.[13] After encountering strange visions on Dagobah, Starkiller rushes to Juno's ship, the Rebel cruiser Salvation, only to arrive just as Boba Fett captures her and takes her to Kamino.
With help from Kota, the Rebels launch an all-out assault on Kamino. Starkiller crashes Salvation’s into the planet's shield, allowing Kota to stage a ground assault, while he goes after Juno. In a confrontation with Vader, Juno is thrown out of a window, crashing to the ground. Thinking Juno is dead, an enraged Starkiller attacks Vader, severing his hand and subduing him with Force Lightning. Kota arrives with his men, and tells Starkiller not to kill Vader. He wants to interrogate the Sith Lord for the Empire's secrets, then put him on trial, and then later execute him. As in the first game, this allows the player to choose either the light path or the dark path:

If the player chooses the light side, Starkiller lowers his blade and allows Kota's men to capture Vader. Starkiller discovers Juno survived the fall, they kiss, and the two travel into hyperspace together aboard the Rogue Shadow, taking Vader prisoner. Starkiller confronts Vader again saying that because he made the conscious choice, of his own free will, to spare Vader's life, he is finally free of the Dark Lord's control. Vader's response is that as long as Juno lives, Vader will always have control over him. Unknown to Starkiller and Juno, Boba Fett pursues in his spacecraft.
If the player chooses the dark side, Starkiller raises his saber to kill Vader, only to be impaled by a shrouded figure who uncloaks behind him. Kota attacks the figure, but is driven back and force pushed over the edge with numerous other Rebel troopers. As the figure removes his cowl, Vader explains to the dying Starkiller he lied when he said the cloning process had not been perfected, revealing the figure to be a dark, perfect clone. Starkiller takes one last look at Juno's corpse and dies. The clone kneels before Vader and is instructed to take Starkiller's ship and kill the remaining leaders of the Rebel Alliance. Downloadable content released in December 2010 expands on this ending, with Starkiller's clone participating in the Battle of Endor in which the remnants of the Rebel Alliance desperately attack Endor in the hopes of destroying the Death Star II. The dark Starkiller is sent to eliminate the threat and kills Ewoks and Rebels (including Han Solo and Chewbacca) in the process. Eventually he finds Princess Leia Organa, who is revealed to be a Jedi after the death of her brother on Hoth, waiting for him and duels her. Starkiller succeeds in killing her. Meanwhile, the Emperor scolds Vader for creating the dark copy of his failed apprentice and subdues him with Force Lightning (calling him Skywalker). The Emperor then orders Captain Sarkli to kill the dark Starkiller. Starkiller meditates at Leia's corpse as Star Destroyers loom in the distance.



[953] GameTitle : The Bureau: XCOM Declassified
Waiting in a room at the Groom Range facility for Director Faulke's summons, William Carter meets a military officer who informs him that she is to escort him to Faulke to deliver a briefcase. When a wary Carter refuses, a black fluid discharges from the officer's eyes, revealing her to be "infected"; she then shoots Carter and opens the case. It emits a blinding light which incinerates the officer and stuns Carter. Moments later, Carter awakens to find his gunshot wound inexplicably healed and the case destroyed as the base comes under attack. Carter attempts to rescue Faulke as the attackers, identified as "Outsiders" by Bureau agents whom Carter encounters, easily slaughter the base's garrison. He eventually finds Faulke, but is too late to save the VIP officials J. Edgar Hoover, CIA Director Frost, and General Deems, the latter of whom had become infected (in the same manner as the female officer) and killed the other officials. Carter escapes the Groom Range facility by tram just as Outsider devices cause the mountain to implode, and stalls the Outsider pursuit by detonating a powerful Elerium bomb while he and Faulke flee via Skyranger helicopter.
At the Bureau's command bunker, Faulke announces that communications worldwide have been jammed and other U.S. military bases have been destroyed in similar attacks. With no way to contact the White House and other American military leaders, Faulke formally activates the Bureau (now renamed XCOM) and assumes control of the country's remaining military forces to counter the Outsider threat, while Bureau operatives planted in major cities downplay the attacks as safety drills to keep the civilian populace from panicking.
Over the following weeks, Carter leads teams of agents across the country to retrieve important personnel, defend strategic sites, and recover what alien technology they can for research. Gradually, the Bureau pieces together the Outsiders' motive: to conquer the Earth and terraform it into a new homeworld, simultaneously enslaving humanity. The interrogation of an Outsider Infiltrator reveals that their species is commanded by an entity known as Origin through a psionic network called Mosaic. Carter's team travels through a "Venn Portal" to their homeworld using the Avenger, a flying saucer XCOM has developed. There, Carter discovers that Mosaic is powered by an enslaved Ethereal, a being of pure energy with immense psionic power. The Outsiders have been searching for a dormant Ethereal on Earth, which is revealed to have been inside of Carter's briefcase from the game's opening and now inhabits his body. He manages to capture Origin's Ethereal, detonates a bomb at Mosaic's entry point and returns to Earth.
At XCOM's base, the captured Ethereal, Shamash, psionically contacts the Ethereal inside of Carter, Asaru. It becomes apparent that the player has actually been playing as Asaru, who has in turn been psionically controlling William Carter, though its recently awakened state caused it to believe it truly was human. Shamash claims that because both the Outsiders and humans have learned how to capture Ethereal, they must be destroyed so that a force like Mosaic will never be rebuilt. Upon hearing this, Carter manages to temporarily break free of Asaru and kills Shamash. XCOM's base is discovered by the Outsiders, and Carter attempts to defend it, while actively attempting to break free from Asaru's control. Carter manages to plant an explosive device with a thirty-second timer, believing that the Ethereal will never truly allow him to be free.
There are four endings depending on choices made at this point. If Asaru refuses to relinquish control of Carter, the bomb will go off, killing both of them.
Alternatively, Asaru can release Carter, but only to willingly merge with either Dr. Weir, Agent Weaver, or Director Faulke. The new host will knock Carter unconscious and the remaining agents will abandon the base. They discover that Origin still exists within what remains of the Mosaic network, and has transported itself to Earth's orbit in order to command the Outsiders stranded on the planet. The crew of the Avenger mounts their final attack against Origin's ship, with Asaru providing the new host with the powers it had given Carter. During the mission, one of the other two host options must be sacrificed while the other is rescued, and Carter, who believes that Asaru is no different from the Outsiders, must be either executed or incarcerated. Eventually, Asaru's host discovers a secondary entry point for Mosaic and psionically integrates with the network, destroying Origin and its influence over the Outsiders.
The aftermath of the Outsider invasion is revealed in the form of a debriefing of Asaru's host:

If Weir merges with Asaru, he persuades the Outsiders to cease attacking and help rebuild before departing amiably to continue their search for a homeworld; Outsider technology is carefully disassembled and stored away, sites of Outsider attacks are quietly erased from the National Register or explained away as natural disasters, and surviving Sleepwalkers are cured.
If Weaver merges, she forces the Outsiders to kill each other; all Outsider technology and evidence of their attacks is destroyed, in some cases with nuclear weapons, and the Sleepwalkers are euthanized.
If Faulke merges, he commands the Outsiders to stand down and rebuild before being exterminated; some Outsider technology is preserved and provides considerable scientific and military advances, sites of Outsider attacks are erased, and the Sleepwalkers are treated, but unable to be cured.

In any case, the Outsider invasion is successfully covered up, with only the members of XCOM and a handful of top U.S. and other world leaders aware of how close the human race came to extinction.
The debriefing concludes with a description of how Asaru eventually severs contact with its host and departs after the Outsiders are dealt with, and its intentions remain unknown. At this point, the musical score segues into a theme from XCOM: Enemy Unknown.


[954] GameTitle : Jurassic Park: The Game
The game begins with Gerry Harding (voiced by Jon Curry), the park's chief veterinarian and Sarah Harding's father, showing his daughter Jess (voiced by Heather Hudson), Sarah's younger sister, around the park. At this time, Dennis Nedry puts his plan into motion to shut down the park's security and escape with stolen dinosaur embryos, hidden inside a canister of shaving cream. Later, his two contacts, Nima Cruz (voiced by Nika Futterman) and Miles Chadwick (voiced by Jared Emerson-Johnson), realize he is late to meet them at the boat to take them off the island and head into the park. After getting past the deactivated fences, they find Nedry's Jeep, and his body. They manage to find the embryo canister as well, but after getting the Jeep down, they are attacked by a pack of Dilophosaurus. Chadwick is killed, but before they can kill Nima, she retrieves the embryo canister and a handgun from Chadwick's body and speeds the Jeep in reverse, killing some of the Dilophosaurus before the rest flee, but is then attacked and bitten by an unknown dinosaur. She leaves the disabled Jeep behind and flees into the jungle.
Meanwhile, Harding and Jess make their way to the port and come across Nima, who is now delirious from the bite and needs medical attention. The three of them begin driving back to the Visitor's Center, but are delayed by a juvenile Triceratops blocking the road. They manage to get the dinosaur back into its enclosure, but the alpha-female Triceratops named "Lady Margaret" appears and attacks their Jeep, which also attracts the Tyrannosaurus rex. The trio barely manage to escape, hiding in a maintenance shed as the two dinosaurs fight, and deciding to spend the night inside. The next morning, Dr. Laura Sorkin (voiced by Susan Cash), a park scientist who became trapped in a field research lab due to the storm destroying the access road, sees Harding, Jess and Nima on a security feed, and sends one of the automated tour vehicles to their location to pick them up. The three reach the Visitor's Center unaware that the surviving cast of the movie have just fled the island minutes before. Once inside, Harding hears a radio trying to contact them. Locating it, he speaks with Dr. Sorkin, who helps cure Nima of her ailment using a tranquilizer dart. The T. rex attacks once again, forcing the trio to avoid it as best they can, eventually managing to lure it away with the tour vehicle. The three regroup back inside the Visitor's Center, but when mention of a rescue is made, Nima pulls her gun on the Hardings and tells them there will not be a rescue.
Episode 2: The Cavalry[edit]
Realizing there are still some people unaccounted for on the island, InGen hires a team of mercenaries to rescue them. The team consists of William "Billy" Yoder (voiced by Jason Marsden), Oscar Morales (voiced by Carlos Carrasco) and Daniel "Danny" Cafaro (aka "D-Caf" and voiced by Ari Rubin). They head to the Visitor's Center to meet with Bravo team, their backup unit, but when they try to radio, all they hear is gunfire. Arriving at the site, they find the entire team dead aside for one member, Vargas, who has gone crazy and tries to attack them. After they subdue Vargas, Yoder and Oscar notice a strange wound on Vargas' arm, speculating that a poisonous animal bite caused him to hallucinate and kill his own men. As they examine the building's security recordings hoping to find out what attacked Vargas, they run across footage of Nima marching Gerry and Jess out of the building at gunpoint. The Visitor's Center is once again attacked by dinosaurs, which kill Vargas as Oscar and Yoder rush back to the chopper. Meanwhile, Nima, Gerry and Jess are hiking through the woods when they stop to take a break. Gerry convinces Nima to let him start a fire by claiming the smoke will keep any wandering dinosaurs away, secretly hoping the rescue team will be able to see it. Later, while Gerry distracts Nima with questions about her family, Jess manages to steal the radio, slips away and contacts Yoder, but Nima finds out and forces them to keep moving.
Yoder's team see the smoke from Gerry's fire, but a Pteranodon attacks their helicopter, forcing them to make an emergency landing. While DeCaf tries to repair the chopper, Yoder and Oscar head into the jungle to locate their targets. The pair split up to try to pick up a trail, but Yoder disturbs a nest of Dilophosaurus eggs in the process, causing the mother to attack. He manages to hold the creature off long enough for Oscar to arrive and drive it away. At the same time, Nima's group reaches a dead end at the Bone Shaker, an unfinished roller coaster built into the side of a cliff, in which a thousand-year-old stone staircase had been destroyed for the coaster's construction. The trio manages to get the ride operational by moving the utility cars off the tracks and getting the passenger cars on as well as using a crane to move a scaffold off the track and opening a door to the power switches. They attempt to ride it down to the base of the cliff, but as they do so, a pack of Herrerasaurus attacks them. They manage to ward them off, but the coaster cars nearly run off the damaged tracks in the process. Yoder and Oscar locate them and disarm Nima, although she implies that she has met Oscar before. The group heads back to the helicopter, but find that DeCaf has disappeared. The T. rex reappears and makes its way towards them, forcing Oscar to fix the chopper himself. They manage to get into the air just in time.
The last target to be rescued is Dr. Sorkin, and they head out to the field lab to pick her up. En route, Nima gets into an argument with Oscar, clearly having history with him, but Gerry stops the fight once the group reaches the lab and meets with Dr. Sorkin. However, she refuses to leave with them, forcing Yoder to convince her by exploiting her desire for Isla Nublar to become a wildlife preserve for the dinosaurs. She finally concedes, but asks to be allowed to put an experimental cure for the dinosaurs' engineered lysine deficiency into the water supply to keep the group of Parasaurolophus she has been studying from dying off while she is away. As she, Gerry and Jess do this, Nima tries to hijack the helicopter and escape. Yoder and Oscar stop her, but in the scuffle, a thrown knife damages the controls. Meanwhile, Sorkin's group is attacked by a pack of Velociraptors which had recently been shipped to the park from Site B and subsequently escaped their containment pens. The raptors force the group to take refuge atop the water tower. They spot the helicopter and call for help, only for the chopper to crash into the tower.
Episode 3: The Depths[edit]
Dr. Sorkin's group manage to escape the falling water tower by fixing the damaged ladder, fleeing into the maintenance tunnels to escape the raptors. Nima, Yoder and Oscar survive the chopper crash, but all of the mercenaries' weapons are destroyed when the wreckage catches fire. Oscar takes off to scout the area, leaving Yoder to guard the unconscious Nima. When Oscar reaches the field lab, he sees the raptors managing to open the door to the tunnels, and he follows them inside. Meanwhile, Yoder finds the embryo canister in Nima's backpack, and when she finally comes to, she is forced to make a deal with Yoder to split the profits from the embryo delivery. A Parasaurolophus runs towards them, followed by the T. rex, forcing them to hide in the tunnels as well. Realizing he dropped the embryo canister during the chase, Yoder goes back out to get them, even while the T. rex still prowls the area. After retrieving the canister, he and Nima proceed further into the tunnels, but Nima sees glowing eyes in the dark and refuses to continue on without a better light source than the red emergency lights. As Yoder tries to power up the main lights, Oscar tracks a raptor further down the tunnel. He draws his knife and attacks the dinosaur, miraculously managing to kill it in single combat. Afterwards, Yoder and Nima find him and reveal their plan to sell the stolen embyros. Oscar, while hesitant, agrees to go along with it on the condition that he and Yoder complete their original mission to evacuate the other survivors.
Meanwhile, Dr. Sorkin reveals to Gerry that she actually put her lysine deficiency cure into the park's main water supply instead of just the holding pens, which will eventually cure all the dinosaurs and eliminate Jurassic Park's lysine contingency entirely. As the two of them argue over the ethical implications of Dr. Sorkin's actions, Jess sneaks away with Sorkin's cigarettes, hoping to have a smoke. A Velociraptor attacks her, forcing her to flee back to Gerry and Sorkin, leading the rest of the raptor pack right to them. They fight the dinosaurs off with the help of a forklift until the others arrive, with Oscar driving the raptors away by wounding the pack leader with his knife. Soon after, steam jets begin escaping from the nearby valves. Dr. Sorkin explains that this means that the park's power plant is on the verge of an explosion, and will have to be reset manually before it goes off. Now regrouped, the survivors head to the power plant to reset the main grid. The group work together to get inside the plant, release the built-up steam pressure and reset the system, but in the process trigger a safety protocol that begins sealing the entire plant behind heavy metal blast doors. However, the raptors get in just before the doors can fully close, trapping the survivors inside with the dinosaurs. The group heads to the upper level to escape the raptors, but realize that the door controls on their level are burned out, meaning someone will have to go back down to the lower level and use the panel there. Oscar volunteers, and manages to hold off the raptors long enough to reopen the doors before being killed. The rest of the group runs into the boiler room and seal themselves in. However, once inside they find the body of a man covered in what looks like a nest. Yoder identifies him as DeCaf, alive but paralyzed and brain-dead from the same poison that affected Nima and Vargas, with dinosaur eggs laid in his abdomen. Sorkin reveals that she knew the creatures who did this had gotten loose, and Yoder, angry that she withheld this, grabs her and draws his knife, threatening to kill her.
Episode 4: The Survivors[edit]
At knife-point, Sorkin says that the dinosaurs responsible for DeCaf's fate were Troodon, explaining she had been ordered to destroy them after their poisonous bite had been discovered, but could not bring herself to do it, keeping them alive in the quarantine pens for study instead. As Gerry and Nima try to convince Yoder to let Dr. Sorkin live, Jess discovers a grate leading back into the maintenance tunnels. As they try to open the grate, the Troodon pack returns to their nest and attacks. Yoder and Nima struggle to hold them back as the group break open the grate. They run through the tunnels with the Troodon on their heels and manage to escape from them, but come across a four-way intersection in the tunnels. While Gerry, Nima, and Yoder examine the three hallways, Sorkin and Jess search for the picture of the intersection they are in within a blueprint. After finding the correct picture, the Troodon ambush them again, chasing them through the hallway and wind up getting separated. Gerry and Nima find a ladder and make their way to the surface, but everyone else remains trapped in the tunnels. Gerry tries to go back for Jess and the others, but Nima convinces him they can take care of themselves. During the small break, the two strike up a conversation, with Nima revealing that Isla Nublar was actually the ancestral home of her tribe before InGen bought it out, forcibly removed the native villagers, and built Jurassic Park. She explains that Oscar was one of the InGen mercenaries who originally evicted her people from the island, and she took the job of stealing the embryos for revenge, as well as the hope that the money would help her provide a better life for her daughter. A passing and partly damaged tour car (presumably the same one from earlier) gets their attention, and they use it to head for the park's marine exhibit, which they conclude is the others' most likely destination.
The two groups reunite at the marine exhibit, where Yoder explains that they all need to get off the island soon, as the U.S. Navy intends to bomb the island on InGen's behalf to eliminate the threat of potential escaped dinosaurs. Upon hearing this, Dr. Sorkin abandons the group and takes an elevator down to the underwater aquarium, leaving the others stranded topside. The others manage to unlock the elevator and follow her down, where they overhear her on the phone arguing with InGen over the impending bombing, pretending that the other survivors are her hostages to get the bombing called off and locks off the elevator. When that does not seem to work, she releases the park's captive Tylosaurus into the lagoon, despite Gerry's pleading. The newly freed Mosasaur slams into the side of the facility, knocking Dr. Sorkin into the moon pool and devouring her. Yoder calls his employers and has them delay the bombing, but as the group makes their way back to the elevator he pulls out a grenade he took from DeCaf's body, explaining that with his men dead, he only cares about delivering the embryos, and does not want the Hardings slowing him down. He offers to take Nima along, but Nima, disgusted by Yoder's betrayal, refuses. Yoder throws the grenade as he escapes to the surface, which cracks the facility's windows when it goes off, causing water to seep in. As the elevator ascends, however, he realizes that the embryos are gone, stolen by Jess while he was not looking.
Gerry and the others manage to seal themselves in the aquarium's control room before the rotunda above floods completely, only to find that the damaged pressure seal on the door is causing the moon pool to slowly flood their room as well. Nima notices that the only way out is through a sea cave in the wall of the lagoon, which she remembers from her childhood, that will take them directly to the surface. Donning scuba gear, the three make their way through the water and into the cave, narrowly avoiding the mosasaur in the process while following some pipes. They eventually reach the surface and head for the docks, where Nima's contacts left a boat waiting after Nedry's failed delivery, but are attacked by Yoder as soon as they arrive. As Nima and Yoder fight, the T. rex arrives, and they all freeze in place to keep the dinosaur from seeing them. Gerry kicks the embryo canister to distract the T. rex, but Yoder rushes for it, giving himself away and getting himself devoured. Nima manages to grab the canister as the three remaining survivors run for the boat. Gerry distracts the T. rex so the others can escape, but the T. rex damages the skywalk Nima and Jess are on. As Jess clings to the railing, the canister falls to the ground below.
The player is then allowed to choose whether Nima goes to save Jess or the embryos.

If the player decides that Nima should save Jess, she pulls her up while the embryo canister is crushed under the T. rex's foot. Gerry, Jess and Nima escape the island together. As they sail off, Nima worries how she will take care of her daughter without the money the embryos would have brought her, but Jess manages to find a large case of money in the boat, presumably the payment she would have received for the embryos, implying that everything will work out in the end.
If Nima goes to save the embryos however, she is eaten alive by the T. rex while Gerry and Jess escape the island on a boat, with the former deciding to return to his old job as a regular zoo veterinarian so that he can be closer to Jess. He also mentions taking care of Nima's daughter, perhaps even adopting her on Nima's behalf.



[956] GameTitle : Anna - Extended Edition
The storyline of Anna concerns an amnesiac man who dreams of a sawmill in the mountains near his town. He decides to go there to find out its connection to his missing memories and a woman named "Anna" who seems to be calling out for him, and enters the house by solving puzzles in the garden. He becomes aware that the house is haunted after seeing several strange phenomena.
As the protagonist explores, he begins to hear voices belonging to himself and the eponymous Anna, among others. Through these voices and texts found throughout the sawmill, he discovers that he has had an obsessive history with an ancient deity named Anna that he had since forgotten. However, the plot is ambiguous from this point; one interpretation holds that in times of yore, Anna would lure men into worship, causing them to murder those close to them or starve themselves at the feet of her statue, and after she seduced the protagonist, he murdered his own wife and children for threatening his relationship with Anna. The other interpretation paints the protagonist as the villain, meeting a human avatar of Anna in the forest and falling in love with her. However, after she left because of his obsession with her and abusive personality, he sacrificed children to summon her again.
The game has three main endings; in an inversion of the norm, the more effort that is put into achieving an ending, the less optimistic the conclusion will be. In the first scenario, the protagonist concludes that Anna was burnt as a witch centuries ago and leaves the house, vowing never to return. In the second ending, the protagonist reminisces about Anna, realizes that he cannot live without her, and opens himself up to possession by her, joining the multitude of mannequins that are found throughout the house. In the third ending, the protagonist remembers killing his real wife after she defiled Anna's statue, and finds the statue, along with dolls of his children, in a small chamber. As the tunnel to the chamber caves in, he realizes that he will stay in the chamber forever, but he does not care because he has "Anna" with him.
The plot is ambiguous due to the uncertainty of the protagonist as to whether or not the sawmill is real or merely a dream, as well as the strange phenomena that occur throughout the story and the vague and unconnected nature of the voices.


[957] GameTitle : LOST PLANET 3
A prequel, Lost Planet 3 takes place long before the first game, following the story of Jim Peyton revealing the events that led to the first game.
After nearly being buried alive in a cave an elderly Jim Peyton is found by his granddaughter Diana. Realizing that he does not have long to live he begins to tell her how he came to be on E.D.N. III. Fifty years earlier looking to support his family, Jim joins an expedition to mine the resources of E.D.N III. Funded by the NEVEC corporation, the expedition hopes to tap E.D.N III's "Thermal Energy", a blood like substance that could solve the Earth Energy problem. Jim meets Dr. Kendric Kovac, operations director Phil Braddock, Doctor Roman, head technician Gale and fellow Rig pilot Laroche. On a job to repair the comms relay, Jim begins to suspect there is a saboteur on the base when he sees someone near the damaged relays. He finds that Doctor Roman has had similar sightings, but dismisses his suspicions and focuses on working to support his family.
Some time later Jim stumbles upon an abandoned NEVEC base revealing that the expedition crew were not the first ones to land on E.D.N III as they were told. The last records detail the Akrid attacking the base and killing the inhabitants. Attempting to leave, Jim fights a massive Akrid leaving his rig damaged and himself close to death before he is saved by the woman he saw at the comms relay. He awakens in a settlement a few days later, healed. The woman introduces herself as Mira and her people as "The Forgotten", survivors of NEVEC's first colonization attempt. Their leader Soichi, Mira's father, does not trust Jim but allows him to leave their enclave after repaying his debt under the agreement that he not reveal their existence.
Returning to base he finds it under attack by Akrid, the result of an experiment by Dr. Kovac, who's been studying how to control them. Jim confronts Braddock with his discovery of the first colony. Braddock explains that his father was the colonies leader before it was lost, and that to maintain the expedition's funding from NEVEC he must keep the incident secret. Jim agrees to keep the colony secret and help him investigate what happened, keeping the Forgotten a secret. Several months pass and with the Forgotten's help Jim is able to retrieve information on what happened and give it to Braddock. He is shocked to find that when the colony was attacked his father abandoned it to save Braddock and his mother. Jim tries to tell Braddock about the Forgotten but is cut short when he must defend the base from an Akrid. In the following months Jim grows closer to the Forgotten and the Expedition, planning to bring Braddock and Soichi together so they can resolve their pasts.
Before he can NEVEC unexpectedly takes over the Expedition. They begin looking for Doctor Roman, who with Jim's help has been working on triangulating the purest veins of Thermal Energy. Determined to stop NEVEC Jim and the Forgotten prepare to sabotage their mining efforts with Gale's help. While enacting their plan however they are confronted by Laroche who has been sent by NEVEC to stop them. He reveals that he called NEVEC to the base after seeing Jim meet with Mira, and that NEVEC is attacking the Forgotten. Jim defeats Laroche but spares him and makes his way to the Forgotten's settlement. Soichi is killed and Jim forced to surrender when he finds NEVEC has taken his family hostage.
NEVEC tracks down Doctor Roman and kills her, stealing her research. Braddock helps Jim escape and free his family and the crew, including Laroche despite what he's done, and sacrifices himself to kill Neven's soldiers. Pursuing NEVEC's field commander Isenberg, Jim ruins his plan to take control of the Akrid and use them to wipe out the rebels, killing Isenberg but nearly dying himself.
With NEVEC defeated the expedition crew and the Forgotten become the first snow pirates. Gale and Mira use Soichi's research to create the Harmonizer, a device that uses thermal energy to heal the user. In the present Jim apologizes to his grand daughter for leaving a legacy where she has been forced to fight before passing away. An elderly Laroche finds them and rescues Diana. Diana is saddened by her grandfather's passing but looks forward to the possibility of winning the war and taking the planet back from NEVEC.


[958] GameTitle : Amnesia: A Machine for Pigs
The game features several interlocking storylines. Some take place in the past, some in the present, and some are overtly real while some may be imagined.[2] Set in London on New Year's Eve, 1899,[3] the game's protagonist is Oswald Mandus, a wealthy industrialist and butcher who is implied to be the great grand-nephew of Daniel, the protagonist of the first game. At the beginning of the game, he awakens from a fever that has lasted for several months, after returning from a disastrous expedition to explore Aztec ruins in Mexico. Throughout the game, he hears the voices of his sons, Edwin and Enoch, calling for him as they lead him through the different areas of the game.
Mandus receives a call on the telephone from "the Engineer", who tells Mandus that Edwin and Enoch have been trapped far below them, in the "Machine" which Mandus created beneath his house. Even worse, the Machine has been sabotaged, putting his sons in danger. The Engineer tasks Mandus with clearing the floodwaters and bringing the Machine back online, providing ongoing guidance through telephones throughout the facility. Mandus is opposed in his tasks by the Manpigs, deformed swine-like monstrosities that patrol the depths through which he descends.
Mandus eventually reactivates the Machine, but the Engineer betrays him, taking control of the Machine and unleashing Manpigs out into the streets of London to round up unsuspecting victims with which to feed itself. Mandus regains his memory, recalling the recent past: after returning from Mexico, Mandus was consumed with obsession over a vision of the future from a device he and his children found in an Aztec temple known as "the egg," hinted to be an Orb, in which both of his children are killed at the Battle of the Somme. Driven mad by the vision, Mandus decided that he could not allow it to come to pass, and he built the Machine to create a godlike being via mass ritual human sacrifice to save humanity from its own carnage. He then sacrificed Edwin and Enoch to the machine to spare them their fate at the Somme. From there, Mandus then began a one-man vendetta against all of mankind, holding massive parties where he would capture and grind up rich socialites into sausage to sell, and killing hordes of child workers to feed the captive Manpigs. Mandus, however, soon came to realize the error of his ways and in a bid to stop the Machine, he attempted to sabotage it, before he was hindered by the onset of amnesia and sickness.
Now remembering everything, Mandus vows to finish what he started by destroying the Machine once and for all. Despite the pleas of the Engineer, who believes the world would be better off if the Machine is allowed to consume it, Mandus succeeds in recreating most of the sabotage. He then reaches the inner chamber, where the Engineer himself dwells - a deranged fragment of Mandus's soul which has bonded with the machine and was given life by the sacrifices; it now plans to wipe the world clean of life after apparently witnessing even more future atrocities such as the Holocaust, the bombings of Hiroshima and Nagasaki at the end of World War II, and the massacres perpetrated by the Khmer Rouge. He manages to reach the core of the machine, a massive pyramidal structure referred to as "The Temple" by the Engineer, and forces the Engineer back into his soul. Mandus sacrifices himself to the Machine, putting an end to both it and the Engineer, and ending the horrors above as the 20th century is born.


[959] GameTitle : Bound By Flame
Taking place in the fictional land of Vertiel in the middle of a war between the Elves and Red Scribes against an assembly of immortal necromancers known as the Ice Lords and their undead empire, the Frozen Shadows. The story follows an unnamed mercenary known only by the pseudonym of Vulcan, a demolition specialist in service to the illustrious sellsword company, the Freeborn Blades. Vulcan is a mysterious person whose past is largely forgotten by him/her, as his/her past is largely mere invention to stave off questions regarding his/her past. The Freeborn Blades are under the employment of the Red Scribes in their attempt to hold back the army of undead Deadwalkers in service to the Ice Lords. During a mysterious ritual conducted by the Red Scribes, something goes wrong and Vulcan is possessed by a fiery demon, endowing him/her with inhuman powers of strength and magical abilities of pyromancy, which he/she then uses to overpower and defeat an undead Juggernaut beast.
The unnamed Demon speaks to Vulcan in his/her subconscious, scolding him/her for their weakness and cowardice and blaming their situation of him/her. The Demon demands that Vulcan liberate the Worldheart, the literal heart that sustains the world, from the Ice Lords so that he may return there.
A victim of a demonic influence will have to choose between the evil powers offered or rejecting them in favor of developing heroic talents. Dangers and enemies will become more fearsome in battle throughout, increasing the temptations to acquire more power by giving up part of the hero's soul to the demon while progression of the demonic influence will be reflected by the transformation of the hero's body. After overcoming his/her enemies and recruiting various allies throughout his/her journey, the protagonist assaults an ice lord palace where he/she confronts and defeats the game's antagonist Lord Blackfrost and then ventures off to free the Worldheart from the ice lord's control.
The game features three endings, depending which choices the player made during the game. In the finale the player's actions determines which ending will play out: the sacrifice ending (involves the player rejecting the demon's powers and killing themselves), demon ending (the player becomes a full demon thus destroying the world of Vertiel) and the king ending (the player exterminates the demon and becomes the ruler of Vertiel).


[960] GameTitle : Deadly Premonition: The Director's Cut
As the investigation continues, Anna's close friend Becky Ames (Amy Provenzano) and Diane (Christiane Crawford), Becky's elder sister and art gallery owner, are murdered in a similar fashion, with a mark placed nearby that York believes to be a peace symbol upside-down.[11][12] He learns that the red seeds originate from Greenvale and that there are two Raincoat Killers. The original one, who inspired the folklore, went on a killing spree after the United States military released gas made from the red seeds into the town in 1956, causing the residents to temporarily experience an uncontrollable, murderous rage. The second, the New Raincoat Killer, hopes to gain immortality by consuming the red seeds and murdering four people.[13]
York suspects Thomas's involvement in the crimes and is subsequently kidnapped by him.[14] York realizes his romantic feelings for Emily, who searches for him with Forrest Kaysen (Doug Boyd), a traveling tree salesman. During a confrontation with her, Thomas—who belongs to a secret club built by George, together with his younger sister Carol (Amy Rubinate)—falls on a hook, dying in the process. York reveals that he believes the copycat raincoat killer is George.[15] Emily and York find the final victim, Carol, dying; Carol then forces Emily to ingest some of the red seeds out of jealousy that George only loves her. York then leaves Emily in Kaysen's care.[16] He confronts George (who confesses to being the murderer and has gained shape-shifting powers as the result of eating the red seeds) and kills him.[17]
Afterward, York realizes that, while George was the Greenvale killer, he could not have been responsible for the other similar murders nationwide and was likely just a pawn. He eventually discovers that Kaysen is responsible, and that the symbol seen close to all the victims was a tree.[18] York finds that Kaysen has planted a tree inside Emily's stomach, and the sight causes him to recover his repressed memories: as a child, Zach witnessed his mother (Rebecca Wink) dying with a tree sprouting from her body, with his father (David Rosenthal) and Kaysen in the room. His father was unable to kill her out of mercy, leading to a more agonising death for her, and then killed himself. Unable to cope with the trauma, Zach psychologically switched places with his newly created other personality, York. Though unable to save Emily, Zach kills Kaysen, a supernatural entity from the Red World and messenger of the Red Tree,[19] and leaves the town with optimism for his future. In the closing scene, York, Emily, Thomas, and all of the Greenvale murder victims are seen happily existing in the alternate reality.[20]


[963] GameTitle : Torment: Tides of Numenera
The protagonist of the story, known as the Last Castoff, is the final vessel for the consciousness of an ancient man, who managed to find a way to leave his physical body and be reborn in a new one, thus achieving a kind of immortality by means of the relics. The actions of this man, known as the Changing God to some, attracted the enmity of "The Sorrow" (renamed from "The Angel of Entropy" to reduce the potential to imply a religious role), who now seeks to destroy him and his creations. The Last Castoff, being one such "creation", is also targeted by the Sorrow, and must find their master before both are undone. To do so, the protagonist must explore the Ninth World, discovering other castoffs, making friends and enemies along the way. One means of such exploration are the "Meres"&#160;– artifacts that let their user gain control over the lives of other castoffs, and experience different worlds or dimensions through them. Through these travels the Last Castoff will leave their mark on the world&#160;– their Legacy&#160;– and will find an answer to the fundamental question of the story: What does one life matter?[13][14]


[965] GameTitle : FINAL FANTASY XIII-2
The game opens in 3 AF, as the Pulse town Serah lives in is attacked by monsters. A stranger named Noel appears to help fight the monsters and claims to be a time traveler from 700 AF. He arrived in her time via Valhalla, where he claims to have met Lightning as she guarded the throne of the weakened Etro. As part of Lightning's transfer to Valhalla, she was erased from the fall of Cocoon onwards (making everyone except Serah forget her being with them on Gran Pulse), and paradoxes have erupted throughout time, warping the timeline. Serah joins Noel in a journey to resolve these paradoxes by removing items and monsters, which are out of their original time and correct the timeline; she in hopes of finding her sister and he in hopes of changing the bleak future he comes from. While journeying to 5 AF to resolve a paradox on Cocoon, they meet and help Alyssa, an Academy member and survivor of the Purge, a massacre by the Sanctum at the beginning of Final Fantasy XIII.
Traveling to the ruined city of Paddra in 10 AF, they find Hope, who has become the leader of the Academy, with Alyssa as his assistant. They also find a recording of prophecies made by one of the seeresses of Paddra, who are believed to have died out centuries prior: one fragmented prophecy shows Lightning in Valhalla.[16] Paddra is shrouded by an eclipse, which Noel says is not supposed to happen for several centuries. While Serah and Noel resolve the paradox causing the eclipse, they encounter Caius Ballad, a man Noel knows from 700 AF who opposes their mission, and Yeul, who looks identical to a girl of the same name Noel knew in the future. After resolving the paradox, an alternative timeline appears in which there was never an eclipse. The repaired prophecy shows Caius in Valhalla fighting Lightning and the pillar supporting Cocoon collapsing. Noel claims that this takes place around 400 AF, devastating the human population as well as the world, creating a future where he is the last human in existence. Serah and Noel move on, while Hope and Alyssa work on finding a way to prevent the pillar's collapse.
Moving on to 300 AF Cocoon, the pair find Snow fighting a giant paradox-fueled monster that is dissolving the crystal pillar. After resolving the paradox, which delays the fall of Cocoon until 500 AF, Snow disappears again as an anomaly from another time. The pair then go to the city of Academia on Gran Pulse in 400 AF where they are attacked by the city's AI, which claims they were killed in 200 AF. Traveling to 200 AF, they discover a paradox whereby a man-made fal'Cie meant to re-levitate Cocoon was able to turn on its creators using the AI that designed it and take over the government. Resolving the paradox, Noel and Serah travel to an alternative 400 AF Academia. In this world, the pair find Hope and Alyssa again, who had put themselves in stasis. They explain their new plan to mechanically float a new Cocoon to hold humanity, which Serah and Noel help with before heading to 500 AF Academia. They are betrayed by Alyssa (revealed to be a living paradox doomed to disappear in the corrected timeline)[17] and trapped by Caius in dream-worlds. Before being trapped, Serah meets the spirit of Yeul, who explains that she is the seeress of Paddra, continually reincarnated throughout history, while Caius is her immortal guardian, gifted with Etro's own heart.[18]
Yeul explains that every time the timeline is changed, the resulting shock kills her; Caius has been driven mad by watching her die repeatedly and seeks to end the process by unleashing the Chaos trapped in Valhalla to destroy all time.[19] Serah, it is revealed, has the same power, and risks death every time she changes the future.[20] Resolving to go on, Serah breaks free of her dream-world and frees Noel from his, in which he is the last living human after his Yeul dies and Caius leaves for Valhalla. After briefly encountering Lightning, the pair fight Caius, first in 500 AF Academia and then in Valhalla. As they defeat him, he claims to have killed Lightning, then impales himself through the heart on Noel's blade, killing the weakened Etro.[21] When the pair return to Academia in 500 AF, where Vanille and Fang have been rescued from the collapsing pillar and the new Cocoon, named "Bhunivelze", has risen, Serah dies in front of Noel and Hope from the shock of the future changing.[22] Just then, a black cloud erupts from the sky as the Chaos that Etro was keeping trapped breaks free. Lightning is then shown in crystal stasis on the throne of Etro's temple. If the player completes all optional parts of the game, they are shown an additional scene in which Caius is on the throne, declaring that the goddess is gone for good, and that Yeul and he can begin a new life freed from their 'curses'.[23]


[969] GameTitle : The Technomancer
The game is set during the War of Water, 200 years after humans colonized Mars.[2] The protagonist is a rookie technomancer named Zachariah[3] from Abundance, one of the powerful corporations on the red planet, who is on the run from the secret police.


[974] GameTitle : Blues and Bullets
Eliot Ness (voiced by Doug Cockle) is the agent who jailed gangster Al Capone (voiced by John Guerrasio). In this new episodic game, Eliot Ness is a retired cop who runs a diner called Blues and Bullets.[3] One day, someone tells him that Al Capone needs his help to find his kidnapped granddaughter. His former nemesis is the only man he trusts to get her back. There are other characters in the game, which include: Milton (voiced by Tom Clarke Hill), Delphine Dockers (voiced by Jules De Jong), Osmond Burke (voiced by Joseph May), Alice (voiced by Laila Pyne), Little Girl (voiced by Laila Pyne), Little Boy (voiced by Jules De Jong (episode 1) and Alexa Kahn (episode 2)), Dickinson (voiced by Kerry Shale), Jim Dockers (voiced by Colin Stinton) and Nikolai Ivankov (voiced by Bill Roberts).


[976] GameTitle : Jurassic Park: The Game
The game begins with Gerry Harding (voiced by Jon Curry), the park's chief veterinarian and Sarah Harding's father, showing his daughter Jess (voiced by Heather Hudson), Sarah's younger sister, around the park. At this time, Dennis Nedry puts his plan into motion to shut down the park's security and escape with stolen dinosaur embryos, hidden inside a canister of shaving cream. Later, his two contacts, Nima Cruz (voiced by Nika Futterman) and Miles Chadwick (voiced by Jared Emerson-Johnson), realize he is late to meet them at the boat to take them off the island and head into the park. After getting past the deactivated fences, they find Nedry's Jeep, and his body. They manage to find the embryo canister as well, but after getting the Jeep down, they are attacked by a pack of Dilophosaurus. Chadwick is killed, but before they can kill Nima, she retrieves the embryo canister and a handgun from Chadwick's body and speeds the Jeep in reverse, killing some of the Dilophosaurus before the rest flee, but is then attacked and bitten by an unknown dinosaur. She leaves the disabled Jeep behind and flees into the jungle.
Meanwhile, Harding and Jess make their way to the port and come across Nima, who is now delirious from the bite and needs medical attention. The three of them begin driving back to the Visitor's Center, but are delayed by a juvenile Triceratops blocking the road. They manage to get the dinosaur back into its enclosure, but the alpha-female Triceratops named "Lady Margaret" appears and attacks their Jeep, which also attracts the Tyrannosaurus rex. The trio barely manage to escape, hiding in a maintenance shed as the two dinosaurs fight, and deciding to spend the night inside. The next morning, Dr. Laura Sorkin (voiced by Susan Cash), a park scientist who became trapped in a field research lab due to the storm destroying the access road, sees Harding, Jess and Nima on a security feed, and sends one of the automated tour vehicles to their location to pick them up. The three reach the Visitor's Center unaware that the surviving cast of the movie have just fled the island minutes before. Once inside, Harding hears a radio trying to contact them. Locating it, he speaks with Dr. Sorkin, who helps cure Nima of her ailment using a tranquilizer dart. The T. rex attacks once again, forcing the trio to avoid it as best they can, eventually managing to lure it away with the tour vehicle. The three regroup back inside the Visitor's Center, but when mention of a rescue is made, Nima pulls her gun on the Hardings and tells them there will not be a rescue.
Episode 2: The Cavalry[edit]
Realizing there are still some people unaccounted for on the island, InGen hires a team of mercenaries to rescue them. The team consists of William "Billy" Yoder (voiced by Jason Marsden), Oscar Morales (voiced by Carlos Carrasco) and Daniel "Danny" Cafaro (aka "D-Caf" and voiced by Ari Rubin). They head to the Visitor's Center to meet with Bravo team, their backup unit, but when they try to radio, all they hear is gunfire. Arriving at the site, they find the entire team dead aside for one member, Vargas, who has gone crazy and tries to attack them. After they subdue Vargas, Yoder and Oscar notice a strange wound on Vargas' arm, speculating that a poisonous animal bite caused him to hallucinate and kill his own men. As they examine the building's security recordings hoping to find out what attacked Vargas, they run across footage of Nima marching Gerry and Jess out of the building at gunpoint. The Visitor's Center is once again attacked by dinosaurs, which kill Vargas as Oscar and Yoder rush back to the chopper. Meanwhile, Nima, Gerry and Jess are hiking through the woods when they stop to take a break. Gerry convinces Nima to let him start a fire by claiming the smoke will keep any wandering dinosaurs away, secretly hoping the rescue team will be able to see it. Later, while Gerry distracts Nima with questions about her family, Jess manages to steal the radio, slips away and contacts Yoder, but Nima finds out and forces them to keep moving.
Yoder's team see the smoke from Gerry's fire, but a Pteranodon attacks their helicopter, forcing them to make an emergency landing. While DeCaf tries to repair the chopper, Yoder and Oscar head into the jungle to locate their targets. The pair split up to try to pick up a trail, but Yoder disturbs a nest of Dilophosaurus eggs in the process, causing the mother to attack. He manages to hold the creature off long enough for Oscar to arrive and drive it away. At the same time, Nima's group reaches a dead end at the Bone Shaker, an unfinished roller coaster built into the side of a cliff, in which a thousand-year-old stone staircase had been destroyed for the coaster's construction. The trio manages to get the ride operational by moving the utility cars off the tracks and getting the passenger cars on as well as using a crane to move a scaffold off the track and opening a door to the power switches. They attempt to ride it down to the base of the cliff, but as they do so, a pack of Herrerasaurus attacks them. They manage to ward them off, but the coaster cars nearly run off the damaged tracks in the process. Yoder and Oscar locate them and disarm Nima, although she implies that she has met Oscar before. The group heads back to the helicopter, but find that DeCaf has disappeared. The T. rex reappears and makes its way towards them, forcing Oscar to fix the chopper himself. They manage to get into the air just in time.
The last target to be rescued is Dr. Sorkin, and they head out to the field lab to pick her up. En route, Nima gets into an argument with Oscar, clearly having history with him, but Gerry stops the fight once the group reaches the lab and meets with Dr. Sorkin. However, she refuses to leave with them, forcing Yoder to convince her by exploiting her desire for Isla Nublar to become a wildlife preserve for the dinosaurs. She finally concedes, but asks to be allowed to put an experimental cure for the dinosaurs' engineered lysine deficiency into the water supply to keep the group of Parasaurolophus she has been studying from dying off while she is away. As she, Gerry and Jess do this, Nima tries to hijack the helicopter and escape. Yoder and Oscar stop her, but in the scuffle, a thrown knife damages the controls. Meanwhile, Sorkin's group is attacked by a pack of Velociraptors which had recently been shipped to the park from Site B and subsequently escaped their containment pens. The raptors force the group to take refuge atop the water tower. They spot the helicopter and call for help, only for the chopper to crash into the tower.
Episode 3: The Depths[edit]
Dr. Sorkin's group manage to escape the falling water tower by fixing the damaged ladder, fleeing into the maintenance tunnels to escape the raptors. Nima, Yoder and Oscar survive the chopper crash, but all of the mercenaries' weapons are destroyed when the wreckage catches fire. Oscar takes off to scout the area, leaving Yoder to guard the unconscious Nima. When Oscar reaches the field lab, he sees the raptors managing to open the door to the tunnels, and he follows them inside. Meanwhile, Yoder finds the embryo canister in Nima's backpack, and when she finally comes to, she is forced to make a deal with Yoder to split the profits from the embryo delivery. A Parasaurolophus runs towards them, followed by the T. rex, forcing them to hide in the tunnels as well. Realizing he dropped the embryo canister during the chase, Yoder goes back out to get them, even while the T. rex still prowls the area. After retrieving the canister, he and Nima proceed further into the tunnels, but Nima sees glowing eyes in the dark and refuses to continue on without a better light source than the red emergency lights. As Yoder tries to power up the main lights, Oscar tracks a raptor further down the tunnel. He draws his knife and attacks the dinosaur, miraculously managing to kill it in single combat. Afterwards, Yoder and Nima find him and reveal their plan to sell the stolen embyros. Oscar, while hesitant, agrees to go along with it on the condition that he and Yoder complete their original mission to evacuate the other survivors.
Meanwhile, Dr. Sorkin reveals to Gerry that she actually put her lysine deficiency cure into the park's main water supply instead of just the holding pens, which will eventually cure all the dinosaurs and eliminate Jurassic Park's lysine contingency entirely. As the two of them argue over the ethical implications of Dr. Sorkin's actions, Jess sneaks away with Sorkin's cigarettes, hoping to have a smoke. A Velociraptor attacks her, forcing her to flee back to Gerry and Sorkin, leading the rest of the raptor pack right to them. They fight the dinosaurs off with the help of a forklift until the others arrive, with Oscar driving the raptors away by wounding the pack leader with his knife. Soon after, steam jets begin escaping from the nearby valves. Dr. Sorkin explains that this means that the park's power plant is on the verge of an explosion, and will have to be reset manually before it goes off. Now regrouped, the survivors head to the power plant to reset the main grid. The group work together to get inside the plant, release the built-up steam pressure and reset the system, but in the process trigger a safety protocol that begins sealing the entire plant behind heavy metal blast doors. However, the raptors get in just before the doors can fully close, trapping the survivors inside with the dinosaurs. The group heads to the upper level to escape the raptors, but realize that the door controls on their level are burned out, meaning someone will have to go back down to the lower level and use the panel there. Oscar volunteers, and manages to hold off the raptors long enough to reopen the doors before being killed. The rest of the group runs into the boiler room and seal themselves in. However, once inside they find the body of a man covered in what looks like a nest. Yoder identifies him as DeCaf, alive but paralyzed and brain-dead from the same poison that affected Nima and Vargas, with dinosaur eggs laid in his abdomen. Sorkin reveals that she knew the creatures who did this had gotten loose, and Yoder, angry that she withheld this, grabs her and draws his knife, threatening to kill her.
Episode 4: The Survivors[edit]
At knife-point, Sorkin says that the dinosaurs responsible for DeCaf's fate were Troodon, explaining she had been ordered to destroy them after their poisonous bite had been discovered, but could not bring herself to do it, keeping them alive in the quarantine pens for study instead. As Gerry and Nima try to convince Yoder to let Dr. Sorkin live, Jess discovers a grate leading back into the maintenance tunnels. As they try to open the grate, the Troodon pack returns to their nest and attacks. Yoder and Nima struggle to hold them back as the group break open the grate. They run through the tunnels with the Troodon on their heels and manage to escape from them, but come across a four-way intersection in the tunnels. While Gerry, Nima, and Yoder examine the three hallways, Sorkin and Jess search for the picture of the intersection they are in within a blueprint. After finding the correct picture, the Troodon ambush them again, chasing them through the hallway and wind up getting separated. Gerry and Nima find a ladder and make their way to the surface, but everyone else remains trapped in the tunnels. Gerry tries to go back for Jess and the others, but Nima convinces him they can take care of themselves. During the small break, the two strike up a conversation, with Nima revealing that Isla Nublar was actually the ancestral home of her tribe before InGen bought it out, forcibly removed the native villagers, and built Jurassic Park. She explains that Oscar was one of the InGen mercenaries who originally evicted her people from the island, and she took the job of stealing the embryos for revenge, as well as the hope that the money would help her provide a better life for her daughter. A passing and partly damaged tour car (presumably the same one from earlier) gets their attention, and they use it to head for the park's marine exhibit, which they conclude is the others' most likely destination.
The two groups reunite at the marine exhibit, where Yoder explains that they all need to get off the island soon, as the U.S. Navy intends to bomb the island on InGen's behalf to eliminate the threat of potential escaped dinosaurs. Upon hearing this, Dr. Sorkin abandons the group and takes an elevator down to the underwater aquarium, leaving the others stranded topside. The others manage to unlock the elevator and follow her down, where they overhear her on the phone arguing with InGen over the impending bombing, pretending that the other survivors are her hostages to get the bombing called off and locks off the elevator. When that does not seem to work, she releases the park's captive Tylosaurus into the lagoon, despite Gerry's pleading. The newly freed Mosasaur slams into the side of the facility, knocking Dr. Sorkin into the moon pool and devouring her. Yoder calls his employers and has them delay the bombing, but as the group makes their way back to the elevator he pulls out a grenade he took from DeCaf's body, explaining that with his men dead, he only cares about delivering the embryos, and does not want the Hardings slowing him down. He offers to take Nima along, but Nima, disgusted by Yoder's betrayal, refuses. Yoder throws the grenade as he escapes to the surface, which cracks the facility's windows when it goes off, causing water to seep in. As the elevator ascends, however, he realizes that the embryos are gone, stolen by Jess while he was not looking.
Gerry and the others manage to seal themselves in the aquarium's control room before the rotunda above floods completely, only to find that the damaged pressure seal on the door is causing the moon pool to slowly flood their room as well. Nima notices that the only way out is through a sea cave in the wall of the lagoon, which she remembers from her childhood, that will take them directly to the surface. Donning scuba gear, the three make their way through the water and into the cave, narrowly avoiding the mosasaur in the process while following some pipes. They eventually reach the surface and head for the docks, where Nima's contacts left a boat waiting after Nedry's failed delivery, but are attacked by Yoder as soon as they arrive. As Nima and Yoder fight, the T. rex arrives, and they all freeze in place to keep the dinosaur from seeing them. Gerry kicks the embryo canister to distract the T. rex, but Yoder rushes for it, giving himself away and getting himself devoured. Nima manages to grab the canister as the three remaining survivors run for the boat. Gerry distracts the T. rex so the others can escape, but the T. rex damages the skywalk Nima and Jess are on. As Jess clings to the railing, the canister falls to the ground below.
The player is then allowed to choose whether Nima goes to save Jess or the embryos.

If the player decides that Nima should save Jess, she pulls her up while the embryo canister is crushed under the T. rex's foot. Gerry, Jess and Nima escape the island together. As they sail off, Nima worries how she will take care of her daughter without the money the embryos would have brought her, but Jess manages to find a large case of money in the boat, presumably the payment she would have received for the embryos, implying that everything will work out in the end.
If Nima goes to save the embryos however, she is eaten alive by the T. rex while Gerry and Jess escape the island on a boat, with the former deciding to return to his old job as a regular zoo veterinarian so that he can be closer to Jess. He also mentions taking care of Nima's daughter, perhaps even adopting her on Nima's behalf.



[978] GameTitle : Anna - Extended Edition
The storyline of Anna concerns an amnesiac man who dreams of a sawmill in the mountains near his town. He decides to go there to find out its connection to his missing memories and a woman named "Anna" who seems to be calling out for him, and enters the house by solving puzzles in the garden. He becomes aware that the house is haunted after seeing several strange phenomena.
As the protagonist explores, he begins to hear voices belonging to himself and the eponymous Anna, among others. Through these voices and texts found throughout the sawmill, he discovers that he has had an obsessive history with an ancient deity named Anna that he had since forgotten. However, the plot is ambiguous from this point; one interpretation holds that in times of yore, Anna would lure men into worship, causing them to murder those close to them or starve themselves at the feet of her statue, and after she seduced the protagonist, he murdered his own wife and children for threatening his relationship with Anna. The other interpretation paints the protagonist as the villain, meeting a human avatar of Anna in the forest and falling in love with her. However, after she left because of his obsession with her and abusive personality, he sacrificed children to summon her again.
The game has three main endings; in an inversion of the norm, the more effort that is put into achieving an ending, the less optimistic the conclusion will be. In the first scenario, the protagonist concludes that Anna was burnt as a witch centuries ago and leaves the house, vowing never to return. In the second ending, the protagonist reminisces about Anna, realizes that he cannot live without her, and opens himself up to possession by her, joining the multitude of mannequins that are found throughout the house. In the third ending, the protagonist remembers killing his real wife after she defiled Anna's statue, and finds the statue, along with dolls of his children, in a small chamber. As the tunnel to the chamber caves in, he realizes that he will stay in the chamber forever, but he does not care because he has "Anna" with him.
The plot is ambiguous due to the uncertainty of the protagonist as to whether or not the sawmill is real or merely a dream, as well as the strange phenomena that occur throughout the story and the vague and unconnected nature of the voices.


[979] GameTitle : LOST PLANET 3
A prequel, Lost Planet 3 takes place long before the first game, following the story of Jim Peyton revealing the events that led to the first game.
After nearly being buried alive in a cave an elderly Jim Peyton is found by his granddaughter Diana. Realizing that he does not have long to live he begins to tell her how he came to be on E.D.N. III. Fifty years earlier looking to support his family, Jim joins an expedition to mine the resources of E.D.N III. Funded by the NEVEC corporation, the expedition hopes to tap E.D.N III's "Thermal Energy", a blood like substance that could solve the Earth Energy problem. Jim meets Dr. Kendric Kovac, operations director Phil Braddock, Doctor Roman, head technician Gale and fellow Rig pilot Laroche. On a job to repair the comms relay, Jim begins to suspect there is a saboteur on the base when he sees someone near the damaged relays. He finds that Doctor Roman has had similar sightings, but dismisses his suspicions and focuses on working to support his family.
Some time later Jim stumbles upon an abandoned NEVEC base revealing that the expedition crew were not the first ones to land on E.D.N III as they were told. The last records detail the Akrid attacking the base and killing the inhabitants. Attempting to leave, Jim fights a massive Akrid leaving his rig damaged and himself close to death before he is saved by the woman he saw at the comms relay. He awakens in a settlement a few days later, healed. The woman introduces herself as Mira and her people as "The Forgotten", survivors of NEVEC's first colonization attempt. Their leader Soichi, Mira's father, does not trust Jim but allows him to leave their enclave after repaying his debt under the agreement that he not reveal their existence.
Returning to base he finds it under attack by Akrid, the result of an experiment by Dr. Kovac, who's been studying how to control them. Jim confronts Braddock with his discovery of the first colony. Braddock explains that his father was the colonies leader before it was lost, and that to maintain the expedition's funding from NEVEC he must keep the incident secret. Jim agrees to keep the colony secret and help him investigate what happened, keeping the Forgotten a secret. Several months pass and with the Forgotten's help Jim is able to retrieve information on what happened and give it to Braddock. He is shocked to find that when the colony was attacked his father abandoned it to save Braddock and his mother. Jim tries to tell Braddock about the Forgotten but is cut short when he must defend the base from an Akrid. In the following months Jim grows closer to the Forgotten and the Expedition, planning to bring Braddock and Soichi together so they can resolve their pasts.
Before he can NEVEC unexpectedly takes over the Expedition. They begin looking for Doctor Roman, who with Jim's help has been working on triangulating the purest veins of Thermal Energy. Determined to stop NEVEC Jim and the Forgotten prepare to sabotage their mining efforts with Gale's help. While enacting their plan however they are confronted by Laroche who has been sent by NEVEC to stop them. He reveals that he called NEVEC to the base after seeing Jim meet with Mira, and that NEVEC is attacking the Forgotten. Jim defeats Laroche but spares him and makes his way to the Forgotten's settlement. Soichi is killed and Jim forced to surrender when he finds NEVEC has taken his family hostage.
NEVEC tracks down Doctor Roman and kills her, stealing her research. Braddock helps Jim escape and free his family and the crew, including Laroche despite what he's done, and sacrifices himself to kill Neven's soldiers. Pursuing NEVEC's field commander Isenberg, Jim ruins his plan to take control of the Akrid and use them to wipe out the rebels, killing Isenberg but nearly dying himself.
With NEVEC defeated the expedition crew and the Forgotten become the first snow pirates. Gale and Mira use Soichi's research to create the Harmonizer, a device that uses thermal energy to heal the user. In the present Jim apologizes to his grand daughter for leaving a legacy where she has been forced to fight before passing away. An elderly Laroche finds them and rescues Diana. Diana is saddened by her grandfather's passing but looks forward to the possibility of winning the war and taking the planet back from NEVEC.


[980] GameTitle : Amnesia: A Machine for Pigs
The game features several interlocking storylines. Some take place in the past, some in the present, and some are overtly real while some may be imagined.[2] Set in London on New Year's Eve, 1899,[3] the game's protagonist is Oswald Mandus, a wealthy industrialist and butcher who is implied to be the great grand-nephew of Daniel, the protagonist of the first game. At the beginning of the game, he awakens from a fever that has lasted for several months, after returning from a disastrous expedition to explore Aztec ruins in Mexico. Throughout the game, he hears the voices of his sons, Edwin and Enoch, calling for him as they lead him through the different areas of the game.
Mandus receives a call on the telephone from "the Engineer", who tells Mandus that Edwin and Enoch have been trapped far below them, in the "Machine" which Mandus created beneath his house. Even worse, the Machine has been sabotaged, putting his sons in danger. The Engineer tasks Mandus with clearing the floodwaters and bringing the Machine back online, providing ongoing guidance through telephones throughout the facility. Mandus is opposed in his tasks by the Manpigs, deformed swine-like monstrosities that patrol the depths through which he descends.
Mandus eventually reactivates the Machine, but the Engineer betrays him, taking control of the Machine and unleashing Manpigs out into the streets of London to round up unsuspecting victims with which to feed itself. Mandus regains his memory, recalling the recent past: after returning from Mexico, Mandus was consumed with obsession over a vision of the future from a device he and his children found in an Aztec temple known as "the egg," hinted to be an Orb, in which both of his children are killed at the Battle of the Somme. Driven mad by the vision, Mandus decided that he could not allow it to come to pass, and he built the Machine to create a godlike being via mass ritual human sacrifice to save humanity from its own carnage. He then sacrificed Edwin and Enoch to the machine to spare them their fate at the Somme. From there, Mandus then began a one-man vendetta against all of mankind, holding massive parties where he would capture and grind up rich socialites into sausage to sell, and killing hordes of child workers to feed the captive Manpigs. Mandus, however, soon came to realize the error of his ways and in a bid to stop the Machine, he attempted to sabotage it, before he was hindered by the onset of amnesia and sickness.
Now remembering everything, Mandus vows to finish what he started by destroying the Machine once and for all. Despite the pleas of the Engineer, who believes the world would be better off if the Machine is allowed to consume it, Mandus succeeds in recreating most of the sabotage. He then reaches the inner chamber, where the Engineer himself dwells - a deranged fragment of Mandus's soul which has bonded with the machine and was given life by the sacrifices; it now plans to wipe the world clean of life after apparently witnessing even more future atrocities such as the Holocaust, the bombings of Hiroshima and Nagasaki at the end of World War II, and the massacres perpetrated by the Khmer Rouge. He manages to reach the core of the machine, a massive pyramidal structure referred to as "The Temple" by the Engineer, and forces the Engineer back into his soul. Mandus sacrifices himself to the Machine, putting an end to both it and the Engineer, and ending the horrors above as the 20th century is born.


[981] GameTitle : Bound By Flame
Taking place in the fictional land of Vertiel in the middle of a war between the Elves and Red Scribes against an assembly of immortal necromancers known as the Ice Lords and their undead empire, the Frozen Shadows. The story follows an unnamed mercenary known only by the pseudonym of Vulcan, a demolition specialist in service to the illustrious sellsword company, the Freeborn Blades. Vulcan is a mysterious person whose past is largely forgotten by him/her, as his/her past is largely mere invention to stave off questions regarding his/her past. The Freeborn Blades are under the employment of the Red Scribes in their attempt to hold back the army of undead Deadwalkers in service to the Ice Lords. During a mysterious ritual conducted by the Red Scribes, something goes wrong and Vulcan is possessed by a fiery demon, endowing him/her with inhuman powers of strength and magical abilities of pyromancy, which he/she then uses to overpower and defeat an undead Juggernaut beast.
The unnamed Demon speaks to Vulcan in his/her subconscious, scolding him/her for their weakness and cowardice and blaming their situation of him/her. The Demon demands that Vulcan liberate the Worldheart, the literal heart that sustains the world, from the Ice Lords so that he may return there.
A victim of a demonic influence will have to choose between the evil powers offered or rejecting them in favor of developing heroic talents. Dangers and enemies will become more fearsome in battle throughout, increasing the temptations to acquire more power by giving up part of the hero's soul to the demon while progression of the demonic influence will be reflected by the transformation of the hero's body. After overcoming his/her enemies and recruiting various allies throughout his/her journey, the protagonist assaults an ice lord palace where he/she confronts and defeats the game's antagonist Lord Blackfrost and then ventures off to free the Worldheart from the ice lord's control.
The game features three endings, depending which choices the player made during the game. In the finale the player's actions determines which ending will play out: the sacrifice ending (involves the player rejecting the demon's powers and killing themselves), demon ending (the player becomes a full demon thus destroying the world of Vertiel) and the king ending (the player exterminates the demon and becomes the ruler of Vertiel).


[982] GameTitle : Deadly Premonition: The Director's Cut
As the investigation continues, Anna's close friend Becky Ames (Amy Provenzano) and Diane (Christiane Crawford), Becky's elder sister and art gallery owner, are murdered in a similar fashion, with a mark placed nearby that York believes to be a peace symbol upside-down.[11][12] He learns that the red seeds originate from Greenvale and that there are two Raincoat Killers. The original one, who inspired the folklore, went on a killing spree after the United States military released gas made from the red seeds into the town in 1956, causing the residents to temporarily experience an uncontrollable, murderous rage. The second, the New Raincoat Killer, hopes to gain immortality by consuming the red seeds and murdering four people.[13]
York suspects Thomas's involvement in the crimes and is subsequently kidnapped by him.[14] York realizes his romantic feelings for Emily, who searches for him with Forrest Kaysen (Doug Boyd), a traveling tree salesman. During a confrontation with her, Thomas—who belongs to a secret club built by George, together with his younger sister Carol (Amy Rubinate)—falls on a hook, dying in the process. York reveals that he believes the copycat raincoat killer is George.[15] Emily and York find the final victim, Carol, dying; Carol then forces Emily to ingest some of the red seeds out of jealousy that George only loves her. York then leaves Emily in Kaysen's care.[16] He confronts George (who confesses to being the murderer and has gained shape-shifting powers as the result of eating the red seeds) and kills him.[17]
Afterward, York realizes that, while George was the Greenvale killer, he could not have been responsible for the other similar murders nationwide and was likely just a pawn. He eventually discovers that Kaysen is responsible, and that the symbol seen close to all the victims was a tree.[18] York finds that Kaysen has planted a tree inside Emily's stomach, and the sight causes him to recover his repressed memories: as a child, Zach witnessed his mother (Rebecca Wink) dying with a tree sprouting from her body, with his father (David Rosenthal) and Kaysen in the room. His father was unable to kill her out of mercy, leading to a more agonising death for her, and then killed himself. Unable to cope with the trauma, Zach psychologically switched places with his newly created other personality, York. Though unable to save Emily, Zach kills Kaysen, a supernatural entity from the Red World and messenger of the Red Tree,[19] and leaves the town with optimism for his future. In the closing scene, York, Emily, Thomas, and all of the Greenvale murder victims are seen happily existing in the alternate reality.[20]


[985] GameTitle : Torment: Tides of Numenera
The protagonist of the story, known as the Last Castoff, is the final vessel for the consciousness of an ancient man, who managed to find a way to leave his physical body and be reborn in a new one, thus achieving a kind of immortality by means of the relics. The actions of this man, known as the Changing God to some, attracted the enmity of "The Sorrow" (renamed from "The Angel of Entropy" to reduce the potential to imply a religious role), who now seeks to destroy him and his creations. The Last Castoff, being one such "creation", is also targeted by the Sorrow, and must find their master before both are undone. To do so, the protagonist must explore the Ninth World, discovering other castoffs, making friends and enemies along the way. One means of such exploration are the "Meres"&#160;– artifacts that let their user gain control over the lives of other castoffs, and experience different worlds or dimensions through them. Through these travels the Last Castoff will leave their mark on the world&#160;– their Legacy&#160;– and will find an answer to the fundamental question of the story: What does one life matter?[13][14]


[987] GameTitle : FINAL FANTASY XIII-2
The game opens in 3 AF, as the Pulse town Serah lives in is attacked by monsters. A stranger named Noel appears to help fight the monsters and claims to be a time traveler from 700 AF. He arrived in her time via Valhalla, where he claims to have met Lightning as she guarded the throne of the weakened Etro. As part of Lightning's transfer to Valhalla, she was erased from the fall of Cocoon onwards (making everyone except Serah forget her being with them on Gran Pulse), and paradoxes have erupted throughout time, warping the timeline. Serah joins Noel in a journey to resolve these paradoxes by removing items and monsters, which are out of their original time and correct the timeline; she in hopes of finding her sister and he in hopes of changing the bleak future he comes from. While journeying to 5 AF to resolve a paradox on Cocoon, they meet and help Alyssa, an Academy member and survivor of the Purge, a massacre by the Sanctum at the beginning of Final Fantasy XIII.
Traveling to the ruined city of Paddra in 10 AF, they find Hope, who has become the leader of the Academy, with Alyssa as his assistant. They also find a recording of prophecies made by one of the seeresses of Paddra, who are believed to have died out centuries prior: one fragmented prophecy shows Lightning in Valhalla.[16] Paddra is shrouded by an eclipse, which Noel says is not supposed to happen for several centuries. While Serah and Noel resolve the paradox causing the eclipse, they encounter Caius Ballad, a man Noel knows from 700 AF who opposes their mission, and Yeul, who looks identical to a girl of the same name Noel knew in the future. After resolving the paradox, an alternative timeline appears in which there was never an eclipse. The repaired prophecy shows Caius in Valhalla fighting Lightning and the pillar supporting Cocoon collapsing. Noel claims that this takes place around 400 AF, devastating the human population as well as the world, creating a future where he is the last human in existence. Serah and Noel move on, while Hope and Alyssa work on finding a way to prevent the pillar's collapse.
Moving on to 300 AF Cocoon, the pair find Snow fighting a giant paradox-fueled monster that is dissolving the crystal pillar. After resolving the paradox, which delays the fall of Cocoon until 500 AF, Snow disappears again as an anomaly from another time. The pair then go to the city of Academia on Gran Pulse in 400 AF where they are attacked by the city's AI, which claims they were killed in 200 AF. Traveling to 200 AF, they discover a paradox whereby a man-made fal'Cie meant to re-levitate Cocoon was able to turn on its creators using the AI that designed it and take over the government. Resolving the paradox, Noel and Serah travel to an alternative 400 AF Academia. In this world, the pair find Hope and Alyssa again, who had put themselves in stasis. They explain their new plan to mechanically float a new Cocoon to hold humanity, which Serah and Noel help with before heading to 500 AF Academia. They are betrayed by Alyssa (revealed to be a living paradox doomed to disappear in the corrected timeline)[17] and trapped by Caius in dream-worlds. Before being trapped, Serah meets the spirit of Yeul, who explains that she is the seeress of Paddra, continually reincarnated throughout history, while Caius is her immortal guardian, gifted with Etro's own heart.[18]
Yeul explains that every time the timeline is changed, the resulting shock kills her; Caius has been driven mad by watching her die repeatedly and seeks to end the process by unleashing the Chaos trapped in Valhalla to destroy all time.[19] Serah, it is revealed, has the same power, and risks death every time she changes the future.[20] Resolving to go on, Serah breaks free of her dream-world and frees Noel from his, in which he is the last living human after his Yeul dies and Caius leaves for Valhalla. After briefly encountering Lightning, the pair fight Caius, first in 500 AF Academia and then in Valhalla. As they defeat him, he claims to have killed Lightning, then impales himself through the heart on Noel's blade, killing the weakened Etro.[21] When the pair return to Academia in 500 AF, where Vanille and Fang have been rescued from the collapsing pillar and the new Cocoon, named "Bhunivelze", has risen, Serah dies in front of Noel and Hope from the shock of the future changing.[22] Just then, a black cloud erupts from the sky as the Chaos that Etro was keeping trapped breaks free. Lightning is then shown in crystal stasis on the throne of Etro's temple. If the player completes all optional parts of the game, they are shown an additional scene in which Caius is on the throne, declaring that the goddess is gone for good, and that Yeul and he can begin a new life freed from their 'curses'.[23]


[990] GameTitle : Consortium: The Tower
The game is set in the mid-21st century, in a timeline where most world militaries have been disbanded in favour of a technologically advanced world police force called the Consortium. The player assumes control of Bishop 6, an elite Consortium soldier. The game's fiction acknowledges that the player and Bishop 6 are different characters, connected through the interdimensional link of the video game. Non-player characters may not be aware that Bishop 6 is being controlled from afar.[6]
During a flight from Bulgaria to Ireland on the aircraft Zenlil, Bishop 6 must deal with hostile mercenaries while trying to uncover the identity of a traitor within the crew.


[1001] GameTitle : Might &amp; Magic Heroes VII
The game takes place some 200 years after the events of Shades of Darkness, and ten years after the assassination of the Holy Empress Maeve Falcon (i.e. another 100 years before Heroes V). The story follows Ivan Griffin, Duke of Griffin Duchy, in his pursuit of the crown after the dissolution of the Falcon Empire; but to do so he must band together with a force of allies. One of which the world had not seen the likes of before.


[1003] GameTitle : Deus Ex: Mankind Divided
In Dubai, Jensen and Task Force 29 (TF29) infiltrate an abandoned resort to catch a weapon smuggler. The operation goes awry when a group of gold-masked, augmented mercenaries attempt to steal the weapon shipment. Jensen neutralizes the mercenaries, but suspects that there is an ulterior motive for TF29 being sent on the mission.
Jensen returns to Prague and meets with his Juggernaut contact, Alex Vega, who tasks him with planting a listening device in TF29's communication systems to determine the scope of the Illuminati's involvement. They are then caught in the blast of a terrorist bombing. Jensen and Vega survive, but Jensen suffers damage to his augmentations. After receiving repairs, Jensen discovers that his body contains numerous powerful and experimental augmentations of which he was unaware. Confirming with his former boss David Sarif that the augmentations were not part of Jensen's original installations, Jensen contemplates that he was comatose for several months following the destruction of Panchaea.
Jensen goes to TF29's headquarters and spies on a meeting between TF29 commander Jim Miller and his superiors, discovering that the UN leadership intends to blame the Dubai and Prague attacks, and other incidents on the Augmented Rights Coalition (ARC) and its leader Talos Rucker. Miller tasks Jensen with infiltrating Golem City, a ghetto for the augmented, and recovering Rucker. Upon confronting Rucker, he claims that ARC has no interest in killing innocent civilians, and suspects that a traitor in ARC is leading the attacks. Rucker suddenly dies in front of Jensen, forcing him to flee the ghetto. Following Rucker's death, his militant and Illuminati-aligned lieutenant Viktor Marchenko assumes command of ARC.
At TF29, Jensen infiltrates the communication network and learns that TF29 director Joseph Manderley is working with VersaLife CEO Bob Page. They discuss the use of a biological weapon, "Orchid", to murder Rucker, confirming their involvement. Jensen forwards the information to the Juggernaut leader, Janus. They learn that information about Orchid is stored in a secure vault in the nearby Palisade bank. At the same time, Jensen investigates the Prague attack and traces the bomb components to Allison Stanek, a former soldier turned religious fanatic. Jensen then learns that VersaLife is removing all of their data from Palisade and Stanek plans to commit ritual suicide with her followers to "ascend" to a purely electronic existence. Jensen must choose whether to steal the Orchid data or save Stanek so she can be questioned. Either mission leads Jensen to Marchenko's headquarters in the Swiss Alps.
Traveling there, he is attacked by Marchenko, injected with Orchid, and left to die. Jensen survives, obtains an Orchid sample, and overhears Marchenko discussing his return to Prague to smuggle cargo out of the city. Jensen escapes the facility and returns to Prague to find the city under martial law as the augmented population riots over Rucker's death. He gives the Orchid sample to Vega for analysis. Miller orders Jensen to spy on the local Dvali crime family that may be smuggling Marchenko's cargo. Jensen learns that Marchenko intends to attack a convention in London hosted by influential CEO Nathaniel Brown, who is lobbying against the Human Restoration Act, an Illuminati-backed law that would permanently segregate augmented and non-augmented people. Vega informs Jensen that Orchid is a poison that causes the targets immune system to attack their own organs. Jensen theorizes that the unique genetic trait that prevents his immune system rejecting his augmentations also immunizes him against Orchid.
Upon arriving in London, Jensen and Miller meet with Brown, who refuses to cancel the event, citing that he is meeting with pro-Aug members of the UN Security Council. Jensen discovers that Marchenko's men have infiltrated the event's security forces and are planning to poison Brown and his guests with Orchid. Miller is attacked by Marchenko and dosed with Orchid; if Jensen stole the VersaLife data from Palisade, he can administer the antidote and save Miller. Marchenko contacts Jensen, demanding that he meet with him in the exhibition hall or he will detonate bombs planted in nearby residential towers.
If Jensen fails to save Brown, his death at the hands of ARC galvanizes support for the Human Restoration Act, while saving Brown empowers him to block the Act. After confronting Marchenko, Jensen can kill or apprehend him. In the aftermath, ARC is officially labeled a terrorist organization. Jensen and Vega agree to continue to try and expose the Illuminati, but Jensen asserts that he must first finally meet Janus in person. The Illuminati meets to discuss Marchenko's attack, and agree to keep a closer eye on Jensen. It is revealed that TF29's psychologist is an informant for the Illuminati leader, Lucius DeBeers, and that they are using Jensen to expose Janus.


[1010] GameTitle : Call of Duty: WWII
Call of Duty: WWII focuses on the actions of a 12-men squad of the 1st Infantry Division from 1944 to 1945 in the European theater of conflict, at a time when the Allied forces were starting to gather strength on their march into Germany. The campaign will cover fighting in occupied France and Belgium, and across the Rhine river valley into the heart of Germany.[8] Some of the iconic historical battles covered in the campaign will be the Invasion of Normandy (D-Day), Liberation of Paris, Battle of Aachen, Battle of Hürtgen Forest and Battle of the Bulge. Although the story is primarily set in 1944 and 1945, some parts of it will "touch on" events that happened from 1940 to 1944 to "help set the stage for the narrative and establish the characters."[16]
In the single-player campaign, players primarily play as two soldiers of the 16th Infantry Regiment: Private Ronald "Red" Daniels (Brett Zimmerman) and his best friend, Jewish American, Private First Class Robert Zussman (Jonathan Tucker). Additional playable characters include Rousseau, a female Maquis leader of the French Forces of the Interior, and Major Arthur Crowley, a British Special Operations Executive officer a RAF Pilot and Tank Commander. Daniels' and Zussman's platoon mates include Technical Sergeant William Pierson (Josh Duhamel), and platoon leader, 1st Lieutenant Joseph Turner (Jeffrey Pierce).[17] Pittsburgh Steelers running back Le'Veon Bell and offensive tackle Alejandro Villanueva are set to make a cameo appearance in the game.[18]
Nazi Zombies[edit]
The Nazi Zombies story of WWII takes place in an alternate history, where the Nazis have conducted research on necromancy based on the legend of King Frederick Barbarossa's hidden treasure. The story is centered around Marie Fischer (Katheryn Winnick), a young German engineer working with the Office of Strategic Services. Marie's brother, Klaus, has taken part in the research of Barbarossa's treasure, working with Doctor Peter Straub (Udo Kier). Marie is joined by three companions: ex-art thief Drostan Hynd (David Tennant), ex-art historian and French Resistance fighter Olivia Durant (Élodie Yung), and military sergeant Jefferson Potts (Ving Rhames), as they attempt to conduct a covert operation to learn of the Nazis' plans, retrieve the stolen artifacts and rescue Klaus in the process.


[1011] GameTitle : Middle-earth: Shadow of War
Shadow of War continues the narrative from Shadow of Mordor, following Talion who is still infused with the spirit of the elf lord Celebrimbor. Talion has forged a new Ring of Power, which Celebrimbor believes could be controlled to avoid becoming a Dark Lord and instead become a powerful king. Talion, while less interested in power, believes Celebrimbor's cause is just and agrees to help in facing the newly returned Sauron and his growing armies, including the Nazgûl.[10]


[1012] GameTitle : The Witcher 3: Wild Hunt - Blood and Wine
Set after the events of the base game, Geralt is offered a contract by Duchess Anna Henrietta, the ruler of Toussaint, a vassal duchy under the Nilfgaardian Empire famous for its vineyards and wine exports. Two knights of Toussaint had been murdered in strange circumstances, and Geralt is tasked with finding and killing the monster responsible.
Upon his arrival in Toussaint, Geralt investigates the murder of a third knight. With the help of Henrietta and Captain Damien de la Tour, the knight heading the investigations, Geralt discovers clues that suggests the knights were killed for violating the five virtues that all knights of Toussaint sworn by, and that a fourth knight may be in danger. Geralt and the duchess race to find the fourth knight, and Geralt arrives just in time to see the Beast killing the fourth knight, who had traveled with him to Toussaint. Geralt gives chase to the Beast, eventually cornering and battling him in a warehouse. Before either can kill the other, Regis, a higher vampire and friend of Geralt, intervenes and convinces the Beast to leave. Regis, who Geralt believed to be long dead from their past incursion, explained that the Beast is another higher vampire named Dettlaff. Regis was revived by Dettlaff after his supposed execution, resulting in the fact that Regis is bonded to Dettlaff by blood according to their vampiric code.
Geralt joins forces with Regis to find out why Dettlaff is committing murders despite being indifferent towards human affairs, according to Regis. They brew a potion that enables Geralt to see certain visions of Dettlaff's memories, pointing them in the direction of a bootblack. Obtaining clues from the bootblack, Geralt and Regis discover Dettlaff's hideout, and Geralt finds evidence that Dettlaff is being blackmailed into the killings. Rhenawedd, Dettlaff's human lover, has been kidnapped and the kidnappers are forcing Dettlaff to murder the knights. Regis stays behind to wait for Dettlaff to return, while Geralt reports to Henrietta and de la Tour. From the wine stain on one of the pieces of paper the kidnappers sent Dettlaff naming his victims, Henrietta was able to identify the wine as one reserved solely for the ducal table. Geralt, Henrietta, and de la Tour visit the ducal winery, and its maker confesses to selling a barrel of the wine to a mysterious buyer. Learning that the buyer has arranged for another barrel, Geralt and de la Tour mount an ambush on the collection party. Geralt interrogates a captured member of the party, who divulges the identity of the mysterious buyer as The Cintrian.
Geralt and Henrietta go undercover at a soirée where The Cintrian was due to attend. Geralt discovers an attempt by The Cintrian to steal a jewel, but was foiled. The owner of the residence hosting the soirée, Orianna, admits to catching The Cintrian red-handed and struggled with him, eventually throwing him out of a window and killing him. Henrietta identifies the jewel as a family heirloom, lost many years ago; Orianna revealed she bought it off a young woman. Geralt also recovers the knife The Cintrian used to attack Orianna, which Henrietta identifies as one belonging to the lord of a castle nearby. Geralt points out to Henrietta that the wine and jewel are both tied to the duchess intimately, leading to an attempt on her life, but Henrietta floats an alternative theory. She speculates that her long lost sister Syanna may be involved, who was exiled for supposedly afflicted by the Curse of the Black Sun, a curse for girls born at the same time as a solar eclipse. Henrietta tasks Geralt to investigate the castle and find Syanna if she is there, returning her unharmed. Regis unexpectedly shows up with Dettlaff in tow, announcing their intent to assist Geralt with finding the blackmailer.
De la Tour's men assault the castle while Geralt sneaks in through the back, fighting his way to the keep. Halfway through, he is joined by Regis and Dettlaff, the latter of whom eager to recover Rhenawedd. Inside, they find Rhenawedd, but no sign of another woman. Geralt deduces that Syanna and Rhenawedd are the same person, who faked her own kidnapping and was also behind the sale of the ducal wine and the attempted theft of the jewel. Feeling betrayed, Dettlaff leaves in a rage, threatening to destroy Beauclair, the capital city of Toussaint, unless Syanna agrees to meet him for an explanation within three days. Geralt explains to Henrietta that Syanna was behind it all, but the duchess refuses to believe it. Upon learning that Dettlaff is the Beast, she demands Geralt track him down and kill him, while also refusing to bow to Dettlaff's threat.
Geralt has no luck locating Dettlaff in the next three days. While he and Regis report to the duchess, news reaches them of lesser vampires attacking the city. Geralt and Regis have two choices: free Syanna so she can talk to Dettlaff, or find the Unseen Elder who can force Dettlaff to appear before Geralt. If Geralt chooses to free Syanna, he and Regis find de la Tour in the city and convince him to tell them where Syanna is imprisoned. Geralt and Regis make their way to the palace's playroom, where they find an enchanted fairy tale book where the sisters used to play together as children. Geralt enters the book's world - named the Fablesphere - locates Syanna, and returns with her to the real world. While in the Fablesphere, Geralt has the option to retrieve a ribbon for Syanna. Syanna explains to Geralt her reason for murdering the knights – they were the ones who exiled her under orders, some of whom who also abused her during the journey. If Geralt opts to find the Unseen Elder, he talks to Orianna, who offers to tell him the way if he slays a vampire targeting an orphanage she is a patron of. Geralt slays the vampire, but also learns that Orianna is a higher vampire with a taste for the blood of young children in the orphanage. Since Beauclair is under attack, Geralt leaves Orianna, but threatens her that one day he will come for her and kill her. Geralt and Regis make their way to the Unseen Elder's lair, where after some difficulty they persuade the Unseen Elder to recall Dettlaff.
At this point several endings are possible. If Geralt opts to release Syanna from the fairy tale world, Geralt, Regis and Syanna meet Dettlaff in Tesham Mutna. If Geralt retrieves the ribbon for Syanna, then it saves her from Dettlaff's killing blow. Then Geralt fights Dettlaff, with the help of Regis. Dettlaff subdues Regis before turning on Geralt, and the two fight. Geralt defeats Dettlaff after an exhausting battle. Since only a higher vampire can truly kill another higher vampire, Regis reluctantly kills Dettlaff. Geralt is to be awarded with Toussaint's highest honor for slaying the Beast. Before he attends the ceremony, Geralt can choose to join Regis in uncovering the identity of Syanna's would-be fifth victim. They revisit the bootblack, who points them in the direction of beggars paid to deliver the messages naming the victims to Dettlaff. Geralt and Regis obtain the fifth scroll from the beggars, revealing the intended victim to be Henrietta. The duchess' death would have fulfilled the last virtue, compassion, as the duchess has been seen to be ruthless and harsh in her punishments. Geralt can then choose to confront an incarcerated Syanna with the knowledge. Geralt attends the award ceremony, and stays by the duchess' side while she judges Syanna for her crimes. If Geralt chooses not to investigate into the fifth victim, or if he investigates it and then confronts Syanna in an admonishing manner, Syanna stabs Henrietta with a hairpin and is in turn shot by de la Tour's crossbow. With no living heirs to the dukedom, Toussaint falls into a state of chaos. If Geralt asks Syanna to consider forgiving her sister, which is only possible if Geralt read a governess' diary, the two sisters resolve their differences, and Toussaint celebrates.
A third ending results if Geralt did not retrieve the magical ribbon for Syanna in the fairy tale world. Dettlaff confronts Syanna, and kills her. Geralt can choose to let him go, or kill him with the help of Regis. Whichever his decision, Geralt is thrown into prison for failing to save Syanna. Geralt would have languished in prison or been executed had it not been for Dandelion persuading the duchess to pardon him. Geralt meets with Regis, and can choose to look into the fifth victim. He uncovers that the fifth victim was to be the duchess herself, and goes to the ducal crypt where the duchess grieves, accompanied by Dandelion. The duchess refuses to believe Geralt and forbids him from seeing her ever again.
If Geralt opts for the Unseen elder path, then the elder vampire would force Dettlaff to meet Geralt and Regis in Tesham Mutna. Dettlaff, enraged, attacks both of them, but Geralt and Regis gain the upper hand and kill him. This ending results in the same as if Geralt hadn't looked into who was to be the 5th victim, with Syanna killing Anna and being killed in turn.
Geralt drinks with Regis, reflecting on their journey and the events they have witnessed and sometimes had a hand in. They agree they deserve some rest after all that has transpired. If Dettlaff was killed, Regis is attacked by vampires and labeled a traitor for helping defeat Dettlaff. Regis tells Geralt that he shall venture south and settle in the city of Nilfgaard.
Geralt then returns home to the vineyard estate that formed part of his payment to find a surprise visitor. Depending on the choices and endings from the base game, the visitor may be either Ciri, Yennefer, Triss, or Dandelion.


[1013] GameTitle : The Witcher 3: Wild Hunt - Hearts of Stone
Geralt takes up a contract sent out by a noble named Olgierd von Everec, who tasks him with eliminating a giant toad monster in the sewers of Oxenfurt. While hunting the monster, Geralt runs into Shani, a medic and an old acquaintance of his, whom he has the option of romancing. Geralt then kills the toad monster, only to find it was actually a cursed Ofieri prince. The prince's guards capture Geralt with the intention of executing him. While awaiting his execution en route to Ofier, Geralt is approached by the mysterious Gaunter O'Dimm. O'Dimm helps Geralt escape, but in return Geralt must help O'Dimm recover a debt from von Everec, who had set up Geralt knowing the toad monster was an Ofieri prince. O'Dimm tells Geralt that according to terms of his contract with von Everec, he must fulfill three of von Everec's wishes. Geralt confronts von Everec and discovers that von Everec had obtained immortality at the cost of his emotions, giving him a "Heart of Stone." He admits to cursing the Ofieri prince since he was arranged to marry his true love, Iris, and that he wished for immortality in order to be with her. He then tells Geralt his three wishes: to entertain his brother Vlodimir for one night, to get revenge on the Borsodi family by obtaining Maximilian Borsodi's house, and to obtain the violet rose he had given to Iris. O'Dimm tells Geralt that the three tasks are meant to be impossible, as Maximilian Borsodi's house is kept in a highly secure vault and both Vlodimir and Iris have been dead for years, but in spite of that, he agrees to assist Geralt.
With O'Dimm's help, Geralt allows Vlodimir's spirit to possess his body for one night, allowing him to attend a wedding party and fulfilling the first wish. Geralt then participates in a heist to steal Maximilian Borsodi's house from its vault, and finds that it contains a will that would grant the entire Borsodi fortune to charity, fulfilling von Everec's revenge and second wish. To obtain Iris' rose, Geralt enlists the help of demonic entities to gain access to a supernatural realm where he witnesses von Everec and Iris' past. There, he learns that due to his "Heart of Stone," von Everec could not truly love Iris and she died neglected and unhappy. Geralt, based on the player's choice, can either obtain the rose from Iris' spirit in order to free her from being "pinned" into the world or let the rose remain with her. Either way, Geralt fulfills von Everec's last wish and goes to meet with him. Along the way, he learns that O'Dimm is in fact an ancient satanic entity of pure evil that relishes tricking people into trading away their souls in return for granting wishes that, unknown to the recipients, contain harmful side effects. When Geralt meets with von Everec, the three wishes are fulfilled and O'Dimm arrives to collect von Everec's soul.
At this point, Geralt has the option of allowing O'Dimm to take von Everec's soul or intervening to save von Everec. If Geralt does nothing, O'Dimm kills von Everec, takes his soul, and rewards Geralt with one wish. If Geralt intervenes, he challenges O'Dimm by wagering his own soul to save von Everec. After Geralt solves O'Dimm's riddle, O'Dimm is forced to release both Geralt and von Everec from their pacts. Von Everec, now mortal again, regains his emotions and immediately feels regret for his past actions and mistakes. He gives Geralt his family sword, and promises to start a new life free from O'Dimm's control.


[1015] GameTitle : Alice: Madness Returns
Within events of the prequel, Alice Liddell, believing herself responsible for a fire that consumed her home and her family, escapes into a twisted version of Wonderland. While held at Rutledge Asylum for treatment, Alice was able to conquer her doubts, and eventually was released from the ward. Alice II takes place in 1875, a year after Alice's release.[4][5][6] Alice, now 19 years old,[6] resides at an orphanage in Victorian London, under the care of Dr. Angus Bumby, a psychiatrist who uses hypnosis to help his child patients forget their memories. Though she believes that she is fine, Alice still suffers from hallucinations of Wonderland.
During an errand, Alice is struck by a hallucination and believes herself to be in Wonderland again. Though initially idyllic, the peaceful land quickly becomes corrupted by the Infernal Train that rampages through it, leaving behind the Ruin, a force that attempts to stop Alice. Alice meets with the Cheshire Cat who affirms that it is some outside force, not Alice, that has caused this corruption, and urges her to seek out former friend and foe to discover the source of the Train. Throughout the rest of the game, Alice briefly returns to reality between episodes occurring within Wonderland. In the real world, Alice learns from the family lawyer that her sister, Elizabeth (nicknamed "Lizzie"), was first to die in the fire, despite being the farthest from its source, and had been locked in her room.
Within the corrupted Wonderland, Alice attempts to learn more from Wonderland's various citizens, including the Mad Hatter, the Mock Turtle, the Walrus and the Carpenter, and the Caterpillar. She is ultimately told that the Queen of Hearts still lives despite her defeat at Alice's hands before, though in diminished capacity. At the Queen's castle, Alice discovers the Queen's true form, which resembles her younger self. The Queen reveals that an entity called the Dollmaker has taken over the Infernal Train and is corrupting Wonderland.
Returning to London, Alice starts to recall her memories of the night of the fire, and realizes that Dr. Bumby was there. He is responsible for the death of her sister and her whole family. She comes to the conclusion that Dr. Bumby is attempting to erase the memories of the fire from her mind and, as he has done with other children, trying to leave her as a "blank toy" to be taken by abusive masters and child molesters for a price. Furious, Alice confronts both Dr. Bumby in the real world at the Moorgate station and Dr. Bumby's Wonderland counterpart, the Dollmaker, in her fantasy on the Infernal Train. Dr. Bumby admits to his crimes, and even attests to setting Alice's home on fire after Lizzie refused his advances, removing any witnesses. He points out that by wiping out her Wonderland, he will make her forget the events of that night, while he will continue as a member of high society. Alice defeats the Dollmaker in Wonderland, giving her the strength in the real world and in her mind to push Dr. Bumby into the path of an oncoming train, killing him. As Alice leaves the station, she finds herself in a hybrid vision of London mixed with Wonderland, Londerland. Alice wanders into the unknown terrain as the Cheshire Cat monologues that Alice has found the truth that was "worth the pain fighting for", and Wonderland, though damaged, is safe for the time being.


[1043] GameTitle : Long Gone Days
Long Gone Days takes place on the Earth during the present time, in an unofficial country named The Core, whose exact location is unknown. In this place, every individual is trained from birth for their job, so they can become experts by the time they become adults. The main character of the story, Rourke, is a military sniper who has never visited the surface. He's chosen as a last-minute replacement for an operation to aid the Polish forces in Kaliningrad, without much time to review the briefing.
During this mission, after the player eliminates the targets they were assigned to shoot, Rourke finds out all of them were civilians, and he's told by the squad's combat medic, Adair, that it is in fact a false flag operation. Rourke is shocked by the revelation, and by the fact nobody in his squad seems to mind the war crimes they are committing, and without much thought, he finally takes the decision to desert. Intrigued by the outcome, Adair makes up his mind to follow Rourke along.
Taking advantage of his specialty, Adair reports a false illness that requires transferring Rourke to the nearest field hospital, using this as an excuse to escape. Even though they are walking in the opposite direction of their two bases in Kaliningrad, their plan is quickly discovered as they get seen by drones and fellow soldiers from a nearby base they weren't told about, thus realizing the operation is much bigger than they were informed of.
The demo ends with Rourke and Adair being chased by their own allies, as they have become deserters and enemies of The Core, while they try to process what are they going to do with their lives from now on.


[1046] GameTitle : System Shock
Set in the year 2072, the protagonist—a nameless hacker—is caught while attempting to access files concerning Citadel Station, a space station owned by the TriOptimum Corporation. The hacker is taken to Citadel Station and brought before Edward Diego, a TriOptimum executive. Diego offers to drop all charges against the hacker in exchange for a confidential hacking of SHODAN, the artificial intelligence that controls the station. Diego secretly plans to steal an experimental mutagenic virus being tested on Citadel Station, and to sell it on the black market as a biological weapon.[6] To entice cooperation, Diego promises the hacker a valuable military grade neural implant.[9] After hacking SHODAN, removing the AI's ethical constraints, and handing control over to Diego, the protagonist undergoes surgery to implant the promised neural interface.[10] Following the operation, the hacker is put into a six-month healing coma. The game begins as the protagonist awakens from his coma, and finds that SHODAN has commandeered the station. All robots aboard have been reprogrammed for hostility, and the crew have been either mutated, transformed into cyborgs, or killed.
Rebecca Lansing, a TriOptimum counter-terrorism consultant, contacts the player and claims that Citadel Station's mining laser is being powered up to attack Earth. SHODAN's plan is to destroy all major cities on the planet, in a bid to become a kind of god.[11] Rebecca says that a certain crew member knows how to deactivate the laser, and promises to destroy the records of the hacker's incriminating exchange with Diego if the strike is stopped.[12] With information gleaned from log discs, the hacker destroys the laser by firing it into Citadel Station's own shields. Foiled by the hacker's work, SHODAN prepares to seed Earth with a mutagenic virus—the same one responsible for turning the station's crew into mutants.[13] The hacker, while attempting to jettison the chambers used to cultivate the virus, confronts and defeats Diego, who has been transformed into a powerful cyborg by SHODAN. Next, SHODAN begins an attempt to upload itself into Earth's computer networks.[14] Following Rebecca's advice, the hacker prevents the download's completion by destroying the four antennas that SHODAN is using to send data.[15]
Soon after, Rebecca contacts the hacker, and says that she has convinced TriOptimum to authorize the station's destruction; she provides him with details on how to do this.[16] After obtaining the necessary codes, the hacker initiates the station's self-destruct sequence and flees to the escape pod bay. There, the hacker defeats Diego a second time, then attempts to disembark. However, SHODAN prevents the pod from launching; it seeks to keep the player aboard the station, while the bridge—which contains SHODAN—is jettisoned to a safe distance.[17] Rebecca tells the hacker that he can still escape if he reaches the bridge; SHODAN then intercepts and jams the transmission.[18] After defeating Diego for the third time and killing him for good, the hacker makes it to the bridge as it is released from the main station, which soon detonates. He is then contacted by a technician who managed to circumvent SHODAN's jamming signal. The technician informs him that SHODAN can only be defeated in cyberspace, due to the powerful shields that protect its mainframe computers.[19] Using a terminal near the mainframe, the hacker enters cyberspace and destroys SHODAN. After his rescue, the hacker is offered a job at TriOptimum, but he declines in favor of continuing his life as a hacker.


[1059] GameTitle : Darksiders III
Darksiders III takes place parallel to the events of the previous games in what is described as a dilapidated, war-torn planet Earth. It follows the protagonist Fury, Rider of the Black Horse, sister Horseman of the Apocalypse in her quest to destroy the Seven Deadly Sins.[1][2]


[1067] GameTitle : Ni no Kuni II: Revenant Kingdom
Set hundreds of years after the events of Wrath of the White Witch, Revenant Kingdom features the cat and mouse tribes, two warring factors in the town of Ding Dong Dell. During the events of the game, the mouse tribe performed a coup d'état, taking control of the kingdom.[5] The story follows Evan Pettiwhisker Tildrum, a boy king of the cat tribe, who is usurped from his castle and sets out to reclaim his kingdom. He is aided by Roland, a visitor from another world, and Tani, the daughter of the boss of air pirates.[4]


[1071] GameTitle : Secret of Mana
The story takes place in a high fantasy world, which contains an ethereal energy source named "mana". An ancient, technologically advanced civilization exploited mana to construct the "Mana Fortress", a flying warship. This angered the world's gods, who sent giant beasts to war with the civilization. The conflict was globally destructive and nearly exhausted all signs of mana in the world, until a hero used the power of the Mana Sword to destroy the fortress and the civilization. The world began to recover in peace. As the game opens, an empire seeks eight Mana Seeds, which when "unsealed" will restore mana to the world and allow the empire to restore the Mana Fortress.[11]
The three main characters do not have names in the original SNES release, though their names appear in the manual of the Japanese release; and their names were added into the game in the iOS port worldwide. In all versions, the player can choose to name the characters whatever they wish. The hero (ランディ, Randi),[12] a young boy, is adopted by the Elder of Potos before the start of the game, after the boy's mother disappears. The girl (プリム, Primm)[12] is in love with a warrior named Dyluck, who was ordered by the king to attack Elinee's Castle. Angered by the king's actions and by her father's attempt to arrange her marriage to a local nobleman, she leaves the castle to save Dyluck and to accompany the hero as well.[13] The hero and the girl meet the sprite child (ポポイ, Popoi)[12] at the Dwarf Village. The sprite makes a living by scamming people at a freak show held by dwarves. It does not remember anything about its past, so it joins the team to try to recover its memories.[14]
Story[edit]
The game begins as three boys from the small Potos village disobey their Elder's instructions and trespass into a local waterfall, where a treasure is said to be kept. One of the boys stumbles and falls into the lake, where he finds a rusty sword embedded in a stone. Guided by a disembodied voice, he pulls the sword free, inadvertently unleashing monsters in the surrounding countryside of the village. The villagers interpret the sword's removal as a bad omen and banish the boy from Potos forever.[15] A traveling knight named Jema recognizes the blade as the legendary Mana Sword and encourages the hero to re-energize it by visiting the eight Mana Temples.[16]
During his journey, the hero is joined by the girl and the sprite. Throughout their travels, the trio is pursued by the empire. The Emperor and his subordinates are being manipulated by Thanatos, an ancient sorcerer who hopes to create a "new, peaceful world".[17] Due to his own body's deterioration, Thanatos is in need of a suitable body to possess. After placing the entire kingdom of Pandora under a trance, he abducts two candidates: Dyluck, now enslaved, and a young Pandoran girl named Phanna; he eventually chooses to possess Dyluck.[18]
The Empire succeeds in unsealing all eight Mana Seeds. However, Thanatos betrays the Emperor and his henchmen, killing them and seizing control of the Mana Fortress for himself. The hero and his party journey to locate the Mana Tree, the focal point of the world's life energy. Anticipating their arrival, Thanatos positions the Mana Fortress over the Tree and destroys it. The charred remains of the Tree speak to the heroes, explaining that a giant dragon called the Mana Beast will soon be summoned to combat the Fortress. However, the Beast has little control over its rage and will likely destroy the world as well.[19] The Mana Tree also reveals that it was once the human wife of Serin, the original Mana Knight and the hero's father. The voice heard at Potos' waterfall was that of Serin's ghost.[20]
The trio flies to the Mana Fortress and confronts Thanatos, who is preparing to transfer his mind into Dyluck. With the last of his strength, Dyluck warns that Thanatos has sold his soul to the underworld and must not be allowed to have the Fortress.[21] Dyluck kills himself, forcing Thanatos to revert to a skeletal lich form, which the party defeats. The Mana Beast finally flies in and attacks the Fortress. The hero expresses reluctance to kill the Beast, fearing that with the dispersal of Mana from the world, the sprite will vanish.[22] With the sprite's encouragement, he uses the fully energized Mana Sword to slay the Beast, causing it to explode and transform into snow.[23] At the conclusion of the game, the hero is seen returning the Mana Sword to its place beneath the Potos waterfall.


[1075] GameTitle : Kingdom Come: Deliverance
Kingdom Come: Deliverance takes place in the Kingdom of Bohemia, part of the Lands of the Bohemian Crown in what is now modern-day Czech Republic. Specifically, Act 1 is based on the real-world area between Sázava and Rataje nad Sázavou. The game begins in 1403.
The old king has died and his heir lacks the power to secure his throne. The new king's brother seizes this opportunity to kidnap the king and pillage his lands, seeking his own advancement. The mentioned kings being the historical figures Charles IV, Wenceslaus IV and Sigismund.
The game will follow the son of a blacksmith, whose family has been killed by the invading army. The protagonist seeks revenge and will ultimately strive to restore the rightful ruler to the throne and order to the land.


[1076] GameTitle : Vampyr
On a late evening, Allan Gray arrives at an inn close to the village of Courtempierre and he rents a room to sleep. Gray is awakened suddenly by an old man, who enters the room and leaves a square packet on Gray's table; "To be opened upon my death" is written on the wrapping paper. Gray takes the package and walks outside. Shadows guide him to an old castle, where he sees the shadows dancing and wandering on their own. Gray also sees an elderly woman (later identified as Marguerite Chopin) and encounters another old man (later identified as the village doctor). Gray leaves the castle and walks to a manor. Looking through one of the windows, Gray sees the Lord of the manor, the same man who gave him the package earlier. The man is suddenly murdered by gunshot. Gray is let into the house by servants, who rush to the aid of the fallen man but it is too late to save him. The servants ask Gray to stay the night. Gisèle, the youngest daughter of the now deceased Lord of the manor, takes Gray to the library and tells him that her sister, Léone, is gravely ill. Just then they see Léone walking outside. They follow her, and find her unconscious on the ground with fresh bite wounds. They have her carried inside. Gray remembers the parcel and opens it. Inside is a book about horrific demons called Vampyrs.
By reading the book, Gray learns that Léone is a victim of a Vampyr. Vampyrs can force humans into submission. The village doctor visits Léone at the manor, and Gray recognizes him as the old man he saw in the castle. The doctor tells Gray that a blood transfusion is needed and Gray offers his blood to save Léone. Exhausted from blood loss, Gray sleeps. He wakes sensing danger and rushes to Léone, where he surprises the doctor as he is attempting to poison the girl. The doctor flees the manor, and Gray finds that Gisèle is gone. Gray follows the doctor back to the castle, where Gray has a vision of himself being buried alive. After the vision subsides, he rescues Gisèle but the doctor escapes. The old servant of the manor finds Gray's Vampyr book and discovers that a Vampyr can be defeated by driving an iron bar through its heart. The servant meets Gray at Marguerite Chopin's grave behind the village Chapel. They open the grave and find the old woman perfectly preserved. They hammer a large metal bar through her heart, killing her. The village doctor is hiding in an old mill, but finds himself locked in a chamber where flour sacks are filled. The old servant arrives and activates the mill's machinery, filling the chamber with flour and suffocating the doctor. The curse of the Vampyr is lifted and Léone suddenly recovers. Gisèle and Gray cross a foggy river by boat and find themselves in a bright clearing.[7]


[1082] GameTitle : UNDERTALE Soundtrack
Undertale takes place in the Underground, a massive subterranean cave to where monsters, who once lived harmoniously with humans on the surface, have been banished after losing a war with humanity. The Underground is sealed from the surface world by an uneven magic barrier created by humanity's most powerful wizards, the only point of entry being at Mount Ebott.[12] A human child falls into the Underground and encounters Flowey, a sentient flower who teaches them the game's mechanics and encourages them to raise their "LV", or "LOVE", by gaining "EXP" through killing monsters.[a] When Flowey attempts to murder the human to take their soul for himself, the human is rescued by Toriel, a motherly goat-like monster, who teaches the human to solve puzzles and survive conflict in the Underground without killing. She intends to adopt the human, wanting to protect them from Asgore Dreemurr, the king of the Underground.
The human eventually leaves Toriel to search for Asgore's castle, which contains the path (blocked by the barrier) leading to the surface world. Along the way, the human encounters several monsters, including: the skeletons Sans and Papyrus, two brothers who act as sentries for the Underground; Undyne, the head of the royal guard; Alphys, the kingdom's royal scientist; and Mettaton, a robotic television host Alphys built. Some of them are fought, with the human having to choose whether to kill them or to show mercy; should the human spare them, they become friends. During their travels, the human learns the details and the cause of the war between humans and monsters, as well as the backstory of Asriel, the son of Asgore and Toriel. Asriel had befriended a human child named Chara[b] who fell into the Underground and was adopted by Asgore and Toriel. One day, Chara fatally poisoned themself by drinking a tea made from poisonous golden flowers, in a bid to have themself absorbed by Asriel in order to fulfil their plan of freeing the monsters by collecting six additional souls from the surface, which would then be used with Chara's soul to break the barrier. Asriel absorbed Chara's soul, and crossed the barrier, but from there refused to carry out the plan any further, instead deciding to attempt to return Chara's body to their home village. He was killed by humans who thought he killed Chara, as he refused to defend himself out of his pacifistic ideology. With both of his children dead, Asgore declared another war on humanity, and continued Chara's plan, seeking to break the barrier by killing any human who falls into the Underground to collect seven human souls, of which he currently has six.
There are three major divergent paths in the game's ending, depending on how the player resolves encounters with monsters: the Neutral run, the Pacifist run, and the Genocide run.[8][14] The default Neutral run occurs if the player has killed some but not all of the monsters, or has not killed any monsters. The Neutral run has over twelve variations depending on which monsters were killed. In general, in the Neutral run ending, the human arrives at Asgore's castle and learns that they also need a monster's soul to cross the barrier, forcing them to fight Asgore. Sans stops the human before their confrontation, revealing that the human's "LOVE" is an acronym for "Level Of ViolencE" and "EXP" for "EXecution Points." Sans judges the human based on the combined resolution of the encounters. The human fights and defeats Asgore. However, Flowey sneaks in, kills Asgore, steals the human souls, and becomes a monstrous abomination. By calling out to the six souls for help, the human defeats Flowey, falls unconscious, and awakens on the human side of the barrier; they receive a phone call from Sans, explaining the state of the Underground after the human's departure.
The Pacifist run can be obtained only after the player has completed one Neutral run through the game in which he has not murdered any of the monsters and has befriended Papyrus and Undyne.[14][15] The player befriends Alphys and discovers her true laboratory. It is revealed that Asriel was reincarnated as Flowey, created by Alphys as a vessel of determination (the power that allows Frisk and Flowey to save game files in order to resurrect) as well as an intended surprise for Asgore. The player then returns to fight Asgore, but Toriel intervenes and is joined by the other monsters the human has befriended. Flowey ambushes the group, using the souls of all the monsters to take an older Asriel's form to fight the human and initiate an Apocalypse. The human connects with their new friends during the fight, eventually triumphing. Asriel reverts to his child form, destroys the barrier, and expresses his remorse to the others before leaving. The human falls unconscious, and is awoken to see their friends surrounding them, with the knowledge of the human's name – Frisk. The monsters reintegrate with the humans on the surface, while Frisk has the option of accepting Toriel as their adoptive mother or striking out on their own.
The Genocide run requires the player to kill all monsters and maximize their LOVE.[11][15][14] As Frisk reaches Asgore's castle, Sans attempts to stop them, but Frisk kills him along with Asgore and Flowey. Chara materializes after Flowey is killed and explains that they were resurrected by the player's LOVE. The player is then asked to join them in the destruction of the universe, which occurs regardless of the player's choice. In order to enable further replays of the game, Frisk must first give their soul to Chara in exchange for restoring the universe. In doing so, the ending of every subsequent Pacifist route is marred by Chara's malevolent presence.


[1150] GameTitle : The Walking Dead: 400 Days
The following summary is a broad overview of the work, describing the major events that occur regardless of player choice. Some specific elements not listed here will change based on the impact of player choices.
The game opens with Lee Everett on his way to prison after his conviction in Atlanta, Georgia. En route, the police car in which he is travelling strikes a walker and careens off-road. The officer is killed by walkers, and Lee takes shelter in a nearby home, discovering a little girl named Clementine. Her parents went away for a few days to Savannah, when the zombie apocalypse began, though through answering machine messages, it is revealed they were involved in an attack. Lee offers to protect and care for Clementine, and help her find them.
They meet Kenny, his wife Katjaa and their son Kenny Jr. (nicknamed "Duck") and head towards Macon; there, they find shelter with several other survivors in a drugstore that had been owned by Lee's family; the group are able to find escape and find safety in a motel with a defensible perimeter. Though protected from walkers, Lee and the survivors struggle to find food, and after three months, are at the last of their supplies. They are approached by the St. Johns, a family who own a nearby dairy. The group exchange gasoline to power the St. Johns' electric fence for food and shelter. However, while on the dairy, Lee discovers the St. Johns have engaged in cannibalism. The group escapes, leaving the St. Johns to their fate as the farm is overrun by walkers. On the way back to the motor inn, the group discovers an abandoned station wagon stocked full of provisions, which they take amongst themselves.
The group soon learns that the St. Johns had a deal with local bandits; they gave the bandits food and in exchange the bandits would not attack the dairy. The bandits launch an attack on the motel that attracts walkers, and the group is forced to abandon their base and supplies. During the attack, Duck is bitten. The group come upon a freight train and get it working, heading towards Savannah, with the intention of finding a boat and getting out onto the ocean. During the trip, Duck succumbs to his bite; the loss drives Katjaa to suicide. Kenny is completely inconsolable by the ordeal of losing his wife and son. The group encounter Christa and Omid, two other survivors who join them.
Nearing Savannah, Clementine's walkie-talkie goes off. An unknown man tells her she will be safe once he deals with Lee and the group, and promises her that her parents are waiting for her. The group takes shelter in a well-fortified mansion, and Lee and Kenny head towards the pier to find a boat. There, they discover that there are no boats left in the city, and whatever useful supplies remain are being held in Crawford, a fortified elitist community who do not permit the elderly, the sick, or children into their ranks.
When walkers attack, Lee is separated from the group, and he makes his way back to the mansion through the sewers, where he finds Chuck eaten by walkers. While there, he discovers a group of cancer survivors, led by Vernon, hiding in a hospital morgue. Vernon returns with Lee back to the mansion, where Clementine has discovered a boat in the shed; it lacks fuel and a battery, but both items can be obtained in Crawford. Lee and the group plan an invasion, but once there, they find the entire population has turned into walkers. They quickly gather the necessary supplies and leave. Vernon departs, but not before warning Lee that he does not believe Lee an appropriate guardian for Clementine, and offering to take care of her instead.
The next morning, Lee wakes to find Clementine missing, and in his haste to find her, he is attacked and bitten by a walker. Initially suspecting Vernon, Lee finds the morgue abandoned, when Clementine's walkie-talkie goes off. The man on the other end reports that he has Clementine and challenges Lee to come and find her. Clementine is able to reveal to Lee where she is being held, and Lee returns to the mansion only to find that the boat and other supplies have been stolen by Vernon's group. As the group head to rescue Clementine, Kenny is lost during an attack by a herd of walkers. Soon after, Lee is separated from Omid and Christa, and he instructs them to care for Clementine after he is gone.
Lee reaches the hotel where Clementine is captive where he comes face to face with her captor, who reveals that he was the owner of the station wagon that the group ransacked after leaving the dairy and lost his family to walkers as a result. Seeking revenge, the stranger found Clementine on his walkie-talkie and manipulated her into keeping tabs on the group under the guise that he had her parents and had been following them ever since. Realizing that the man is insane, Lee, with Clementine's help, kills him. As Lee and Clementine leave the hotel, Clementine spots her parents, both of whom have turned into walkers, and Lee falls unconscious. Awakening soon after, he realizes he is near conversion, and instructs her to escape the city and meet Omid and Christa at the edge of town. The player can choose to have Lee order Clementine to either kill him or leave him to become a walker, or can opt to do nothing, in which case Clementine will choose based on the culmination of the player's choices within the game.
After the game's credits, Clementine is seen walking in a field by herself saddened by Lee's passing. She spots two figures in the distance, that notice her.


[1154] GameTitle : Baldur's Gate: Siege of Dragonspear
The game takes place shortly after the conclusion of Baldur's Gate and centers on a mysterious crusade to the north of Baldur's Gate city, led by a warrior named Caelar Argent, who is known as the Shining Lady.
The story begins several weeks after Sarevok's death, with the player character and their party hunting the remains of Sarevok's forces in the sewers and catacombs of the city. Shortly after, word of Caelar Argent's crusade arrives in the city, warning that she is making her way down along the Sword Coast and threatens the city. Along with a contingent of Flaming Fist soldiers dispatched by Duke Eltan, the player is dispatched to halt Argent's advance at Dragonspear Castle. The company is joined by forces from several other major cities of the Coast who are also threatened by Argent's crusade. Throughout the journey, the player is visited by a hooded man who seeks to teach the player more about their heritage and how to use it.
When the main crossing across the river is destroyed by Caelar's forces, the coalition is forced to cross at the last standing bridge along the river, where Bhaal, the player's father, had been killed by the mad god Cyric years earlier. After driving Argent's forces back, the player suffers a vision of Bhaal's death and burns his symbol into the bridge, lowering the morale of the coalition soldiers. The player and their party is tasked with sneaking in to Dragonspear Castle and learn what they can about Argent and gather intel on her forces. After progressing into the castle, the player discovers Argent's chief lieutenant communicating with an unknown source before they are discovered and forced to leave the castle, without gathering any information.
After successfully repelling an attack from Caelar's army, the coalition attacks Dragonspear castle and destroys most of her forces. Trapped in the keep, Caelar has Hephernaan, her chief lieutenant, cast a paralysis spell over the whole keep. However, his spell traps Caelar as well and his true intentions are revealed: he planned to use the Bhaalspawn's blood to open the portal to the Nine Hells to unleash his master and his army upon the Material Plane. Caelar and her surviving men, along with the player and their party, travel into the portal to stop Hephernaan. It is revealed that Hephernaan's master is Belhifet, a demon who was cast into the Nine Hells as punishment one hundred years prior. After defeating him and Hephernaan, Argent reveals her true intention was to free her uncle from the Nine Hells and all the death that has occurred has been in pursuit of retrieving him. Caelar stays behind to seal the portal, trapping herself in the Nine Hells forever as punishment for her actions.
After the player returns to the Material Plane, the coalition celebrates Caelar's defeat at Dragonspear. Later that night, the player suffers a nightmare of an avatar of Bhaal attacking them and defends themselves. When they come to it, it is revealed that the "avatar" was Skie Silvershield, a companion from the first game and the only child of Grand Duke Entar Silvershield, one of the dukes of Baldur's Gate. The player is arrested and dragged back to the city in irons. While many call for the player to be executed, Grand Duke Belt informs the player that they will be smuggled out of the city in order to avoid execution as a reward for all the service that they have done for the city. After escaping the city, the player is met by Imoen, Minsc, Dynaheir, Khalid and Jaheira, who promise to always travel with the player. Shortly after, they are ambushed by unseen figures, setting up the beginning of Baldur's Gate II: Shadows of Amn. It is also revealed that the hooded man is Jon Irenicus, the villain of the second game.


[1287] GameTitle : METAL GEAR SOLID V: The Definitive Experience
In 1984, nine years after being injured during the destruction of MSF by Cipher, Big Boss awakens from a coma in a hospital in Cyprus. Quiet, a Cipher assassin, tries to kill him, but Big Boss is rescued by a heavily bandaged man called Ishmael. The pair escape the hospital while evading pursuit from Cipher's soldiers and two superhumans, Tretij Rebenok, "The Third Child" and the Man on Fire. Although Big Boss loses sight of Ishmael, he is recovered by his ally Revolver Ocelot, and brought aboard Diamond Dogs, a new mercenary group founded by Kazuhira Miller on an offshore platform near the Seychelles.
Big Boss adopts the code name "Venom Snake" and begins searching for Cipher. During his journey, Snake becomes involved in the Soviet-Afghan and the Angolan Civil Wars, and he recruits Quiet, who no longer speaks and has gained superhuman abilities; scientist Dr. Huey Emmerich; Eli, a British child believed to be a clone of Snake, who leads a band of child soldiers; and Code Talker, a Navajo expert on parasites forced to work for Cipher.
Snake learns that Cipher's leader Major Zero was usurped and XOF, a rogue faction of Cipher, was responsible for destroying MSF. XOF's leader Skull Face, considers Cipher's plan to unite the world for peace as the same as making it culturally American, obliterating other cultures. To avoid this, he intends to release a unique parasite that kills anyone who speaks English. A modified parasite was used to give Quiet and Skull Face's elite soldiers, the Skulls, their unusual abilities. After releasing the English strain parasite, Skull Face plans to make nuclear weapons available to as many groups as he can, believing that nuclear deterrence will stop the weapons actually being used, attaining world peace while still protecting the integrity of each culture. However, he will secretly retain remote control of the weapons. Skull Face intends to use the threat of the latest Metal Gear system, known as ST-84 "Sahelanthropus", to make nuclear weapons desirable again, but as he cannot get it to function, he is dependent on the Third Child's psychic abilities to manipulate it.
During a test, the Third Child turns against Skull Face, having Sahelanthropus seriously wound him and crush the Man on Fire. Although Snake defeats the Metal Gear, he is only able to recover one of Skull Face's three parasite vials; one goes missing and the other is taken by the Third Child and given to Eli. Skull Face is left to die by Snake and Miller, but Huey executes him. The Diamond Dogs return to their base with Sahelanthropus. Following their return, Eli, the Third Child and the child soldiers steal Sahelanthropus and flee the base. It transpires that the Third Child was not consciously working for Skull Face, but his psychic powers enthralled him to the will of the most vengeful person nearby, meaning Sahelanthropus's attack was instigated by Eli.
An epidemic of parasites occurs on base forcing Snake to personally kill many of his own men to contain it. To honor them, he has their cremated remains turned into diamonds to carry into battle. Huey is accused of causing the epidemic while attempting to mutate the parasites to sell as weapons. Alongside suspicion of his role in MSF's destruction, and evidence that he murdered his wife Dr. Strangelove while arguing over using their son in experiments, Snake exiles him from Diamond Dogs. Following this event, Quiet disappears in Afghanistan. Code Talker reveals that Quiet was infected with the English strain parasite with the intention of joining Diamond Dogs in order to spread it, but her allegiance shifted to Snake and so she remained silent to prevent an outbreak. Huey's mutation of the parasite convinced Quiet that she could not guarantee the safety of Diamond Dogs. Snake finds her, but she is forced to speak to summon help when he is bitten by a venomous snake. Quiet flees to avoid causing another epidemic.
It is later revealed that Venom Snake is not actually Big Boss but a loyal MSF medic caught in the same explosion that injured the real Big Boss, Ishmael. During his coma, the medic was transformed into a second Big Boss via plastic surgery and hypnotherapy to serve as a decoy for the actual Big Boss while he wages a covert war against Cipher. Snake goes on to set the events of the Outer Heaven uprising in motion, and dies at the hands of Solid Snake. The original Big Boss resurfaces during the Zanzibar Land disturbance. Miller and Ocelot discuss Big Boss' plans to create Outer Heaven. While Ocelot remains supportive, Miller is disgusted at his former ally's deception, but agrees to continue assisting Venom Snake and Big Boss's sons in hopes of contributing to the real Big Boss's downfall.


[1422] GameTitle : Binary Domain
In the game's backstory, global warming had caused worldwide flooding, leaving much of the world uninhabitable. This forced the governments to build new cities above the waterline, using the ruined cities as foundations.[17] Since much of the world's population had died, robots were used as the main labor force. An American-based company called Bergen controlled a very large majority of the world's robotic industries, making America much more powerful. A Japanese corporation named Amada tried to sue Bergen for stealing their technology in a patent dispute. Despite the fact that Amada was the first robotics company to create the first humanoid robot,[18] the lawsuit failed, since Bergen had a great amount of influence,[17] This resulted in Bergen controlling 95 percent of the robotics market.[18]
World economic concerns lead to the creation of the "New Geneva Convention", a new set of international laws. One of the clauses outlined, Clause 21, banned research into robots that could pass for humans, called "Hollow Children" in the game.[10][19] A majority of the world's countries agreed to sign the convention into law.[17] An organization called the International Robotics Technology Association (IRTA) created a global task-force, nicknamed "Rust Crews", to deal with breaches of the convention.[20]
Years after the treaty was signed, an android attacked Bergen's headquarters in Detroit, Michigan, previously having no idea that he was a robot himself.[10] Believing that robotics genius and founder of Amada corporation, Yoji Amada, created the robot, the IRTA sent one of their Rust Crews to Japan to find Amada and bring him in for questioning under orders from the UN Security Council.[21][22]
